
The greatest flowering of the field occurred with Jean-Victor Poncelet ( 1788-1867 ) . 
Ornamental plants are normally grown for their flowers , foliage , or overall appearance . 
In Japan , Samurai and Zen monks were often required to build decorative gardens or practice related skills like flower arrangement known as " ikebana " . 
The next morning a giant flower is seen in a nearby lake , and Dr. Shiragami confesses that he combined the DNA of roses with Godzilla . 
Primary exports are citrus and cut flowers , while primary imports are food , consumer goods , and construction materials . 
Over the past several years , tourism and exports of textiles , apparel , and nontraditional agricultural products such as winter vegetables , fruit , and cut flowers have boomed , while more traditional exports such as sugar , bananas , and coffee continue to represent a large share of the export market . 
Tourism , manufacturing , and horticulture , mainly tomatoes and cut flowers , especially freesias , have been declining . 
Kelly did not return to stage work until his MGM contract ended in 1957 , when in 1958 he directed Rodgers and Hammerstein 's musical play " Flower Drum Song " . 
In his experiments studying the trait for flower color , Mendel observed that the flowers of each pea plant were either purple or white - and never an intermediate between the two colors . 
This means that the inheritance of an allele for yellow or green pea color is unrelated to the inheritance of alleles for white or purple flowers . 
In the Blue-eyed Mary ( " Omphalodes verna " ) , for example , there exists a gene with alleles that determine the color of flowers : blue or magenta . 
Another gene , however , controls whether the flowers have color at all : color or white . 
When a plant has two copies of this white allele , its flowers are white - regardless of whether the first gene has blue or magenta alleles . 
purple or white flowers ) but are instead continuous features ( eg . 
Bastards born in the Reach are given the surname Flowers . 
On all occasions Wales ' national anthem is " Mae Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau " ( Land of my Fathers ) whilst Scotland 's anthem changes according to circumstance , " Flower of Scotland " being used the majority of the time , whilst " Scotland the Brave " is occasionally substituted . 
The traditional sugarcane crop is slowly being replaced by other crops , such as bananas ( which now supply about 50 % of export earnings ) , eggplant , guinnep , noni , sapotilla , paroka , pikinga , giraumon squash , yam , gourd , plantain , christophine , monbin , prunecafé , cocoa , jackfruit , pomegranate , and many varieties of flowers . 
The traditional sugarcane crop is slowly being replaced by other crops , such as bananas ( which now supply about 50 % of export earnings ) , eggplant , and flowers . 
Gnomes have become controversial in serious gardening circles in the UK , and have been banned from the prestigious Chelsea Flower Show as the organisers claim that they detract from the garden designs . 
Cauliflower ( 740 acres ) , cabbage ( savoy , red , white)(25 acres ) , kohlrabi ( 37 acres ) , broccoli ( 37 acres ) grow by traditional means near Erfurt . 
Most types of bread contain both wheat and rye flour ( hence " Mischbrot " , mixed bread ) , and often wholemeal and whole seeds ( such as linseed , sunflower seed , or pumpkin seeds ) as well . 
The two leading Democratic candidates were Roswell P. Flower and Henry W. Slocum , but their factions deadlocked and the convention could not agree on a nominee . 
He joined Chelsea , then in the Second Division , before the 1979-80 season , initially as assistant manager to Danny Blanchflower . 
When Blanchflower was sacked , Hurst was appointed manager . 
Techniques developed during this period include 'slumping ' viscous ( but not fully molten ) glass over a mould in order to form a dish and 'millefiori ' ( meaning 'thousand flowers ' ) technique , where canes of multi-coloured glass were sliced and the slices arranged together and fused in a mould to create a mosaic-like effect . 
The Harvard Museum of Natural History has a collection of extremely detailed models of flowers made of painted glass . 
The Blaschka Glass Flowers are still an inspiration to glassblowers today . 
An early flowering of German literature is the Middle High German period of the High Middle Ages . 
The streams and waterfalls , the latter mainly in Upper Galilee , along with vast fields of greenery and colorful wildflowers , as well as numerous towns of biblical importance , make the region a popular tourist destination . 
Lower again , and down to 1,000 m / 3,000 ft there are wild olive , species of rock-rose , wild privet , acacias and mimosas , barberry and " Zizyphus " ; and in the eastern ramifications of the chain , " Chamaerops humilis " ( which is applied to a variety of useful purposes , and which it is also introduced since it is original to Western Mediterranean ) , " Bignonia " or trumpet flower , sissu , " Salvadora persica " , verbena , acanthus , varieties of Gesnerae . 
Because of the synchronous flowering , death , and regeneration of all bamboo within a species , the Giant Panda must have at least two different species available in its range to avoid starvation . 
Whereas a hyponym is one of the items included in the generic , such as " lily " and " daisy " are included in " flower " , and " bird " and " fish " in " animal " . 
At 13 , Carangi would send girls flowers and they would develop crushes on her no matter their sexual orientation . 
Some of its old charm remains , and can be readily seen in the area 's old-world gardens , with their wealth of flowering shrubs and climbing plants . 
Baudelaire , in fact , in his preface to " Les Fleurs du mal " ( " Flowers of Evil " ) penned lines that as much as anything can serve as a sort of goth malediction : 20th century influences . 
He homesteaded a claim near Beeler , where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection . 
His art teacher , Etta Budd , recognized Carver 's talent for painting flowers and plants and convinced him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames . 
His and Donald 's rivalry over Daisy is established in " Donald 's Love Letters " ( 1949 ) , " Wild About Flowers " ( 1950 ) , and " Knightly Rivals " ( 1951 ) , and as potential heirs to Scrooge 's fortune in " Some Heir Over the Rainbow " ( 1953 ) . 
In arid areas , gypsum can occur in a flower-like form typically opaque with embedded sand grains called desert rose . 
In most other land plants the gametophyte is very small ( as in ferns and their relatives ) or even reduced as in flowering plants ( angiosperms ) , where the female gametophyte ( ovule ) is known as a " 'megagametophyte and the male gametophyte ( pollen ) is called a " 'microgametophyte . 
The seeds of most flowering plants have endosperms with stored protein to nourish embryonic plants during germination , but true gluten , with gliadin and glutenin , is limited to certain members of the grass family . 
One clergyman in Warwickshire advised him to take tobacco ( which Fox disliked ) and sing psalms ; another , in Coventry , lost his temper when Fox accidentally stood on a flower in his garden ; a third suggested bloodletting . 
Chivalry and the court life flowered , leading to a development of German culture and literature ( see Wolfram von Eschenbach ) . 
Persephone did not submit to Hades willingly , but was abducted by him while picking flowers with her friends . 
Flowers and leaves , sometimes a bird or a spiral ornament , are the principal decorative themes . 
The most frequent ornament is a flower with a centerpiece resembling the eye of a peacock 's feather . 
Harold throws Maude a surprise 80th birthday party , decorating the inside of her home with sunflowers , and after the party Maude admits that she has taken poison tablets and will be gone by midnight . 
In medicinal or spiritual use any of the parts of the plant might be considered " herbs " , including leaves , roots , flowers , seeds , resin , root bark , inner bark ( cambium ) , berries and sometimes the pericarp or other portions of the plant . 
" In 1879 , he left home to work as an apprentice machinist in the city of Detroit , first with James F. Flower & Bros. , and later with the Detroit Dry Dock Co. In 1882 , he returned to Dearborn to work on the family farm and became adept at operating the Westinghouse portable steam engine . 
Monetary reform and a cultural renaissance ensued with a flowering of Haitian art . 
The national flower is the famous orchid , " Rhyncholaelia digbyana " ( formerly known as " Brassavola digbyana " ) , which replaced the rose in 1969. The change of the National Flower was carried out during the administration of general Oswaldo López Arellano , thinking that " Brassavola digbiana " " is an indigenous plant of Honduras ; having this flower exceptional characteristics of beauty , vigor and distinction " , as the decree dictates it . 
The most important Hungarian agricultural products include corn , wheat , barley , oat , sunflower , poppy , potato , millet , sugar-beet , flax , and many other plants . 
The ancients had a variety of ideas about heredity : Theophrastus proposed that male flowers caused female flowers to ripen ; Hippocrates speculated that " seeds " were produced by various body parts and transmitted to offspring at the time of conception , and Aristotle thought that male and female semen mixed at conception . 
" Marrubium vulgare " ( White Horehound or " 'Common Horehound ) is a flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae , native to Europe , northern Africa and Asia . 
The flowers are white , borne in clusters on the upper part of the main stem . 
The plant is bushy , producing numerous annual , quadrangular and branching stems , a foot or more in height , on which the whitish flowers are borne in crowded , axillary , woolly whorls . 
Horehound flowers from June to September . 
In 1895 a British traveller reported that Rom had decorated his flower-bed with the skulls of some twenty-one victims of his displeasure , including women and children , resembling the posts of Kurtz ' Station . 
She comes onstage briefly to give out herbs and flowers . 
The invasion was stopped decisively at the battle of Flodden Field during which the King , many of his nobles , and over 10,000 troops - " The Flowers of the Forest " - were killed . 
The Mk I Colossus was built between March and December 1943 by Tommy Flowers and his colleagues at the Post Office Research Station at Dollis Hill in London and then shipped to Bletchley Park in January 1944. Colossus was the first totally " electronic " computing device . 
The downland supports a calcareous grassland habitat , important for wild flowers and insects . 
Hampshire 's county flower is the Dog Rose . 
Southampton has been host to many famous ships , including the " Mayflower " and the " Titanic " , the latter being staffed largely by natives of Southampton . 
Later Ming Dynasty artists would take after this Song Dynasty emphasis for intricate detail and realism on objects in nature , especially in depictions of animals ( such as ducks , swans , sparrows , tigers , etc. ) amongst patches of brightly-colored flowers and thickets of brush and wood ( a good example would be the anonymous Ming Dynasty painting " Birds and Plum Blossoms " , housed in the Freer Gallery of the Smithsonian Museum in Washington , D. C. ) . 
As part of a 2002 marketing campaign , the plant conservation charity Plantlife chose the Pasqueflower as Hertfordshire 's county flower . 
His " Living a Life That Matters " became a best seller in the fall of 2001. Kushner 's book , " The Lord Is My Shepherd " , was a meditation on the Twenty-Third Psalm released in 2003. Kushner also wrote a response to Simon Wiesenthal 's question of forgiveness in the book " The Sunflower : On the Possibilities and Limits of Forgiveness . 
Harwich was the home town of Christopher Jones , the master and quarter-owner of the Mayflower , and was also a base for that ship . 
Coir is a 100 % natural grow and flowering medium . 
After the winter season , the hillsides and orchards bloom with wild flowers , while gladiolas , carnations , marigolds , roses , chrysanthemums , tulips and lilies are carefully cultivated . 
The state government is gearing up to make Himachal Pradesh as the flower basket of the world . 
The most famous among these , immortalized in the 19th-century painting " The Roses of Heliogabalus " , is that he smothered guests at a dinner to death with a mass of " violets and other flowers " dropped from above . 
Flower remedies . 
Flower remedies can be produced by placing flowers in water and exposing them to sunlight . 
The most famous of these are the Bach flower remedies , which were developed by the homeopath Edward Bach . 
However , although many of the same plants are used as in homeopathy , the method of preparation is somewhat different , with Bach flower therapies supposedly being prepared in " gentler " ways , such as placing flowers in bowls of sunlit water , and so on . 
There is no convincing scientific or clinical evidence for flower remedies being effective . 
Hops are the female flower cones , also known as strobiles , of the hop plant ( " Humulus lupulus " ) . 
Honey is a sweet fluid produced by honey bees ( and some other species ) , and derived from the nectar of flowers . 
A main effect of bees collecting nectar to make honey is pollination , which is crucial for flowering plants . 
Leaving the hive , they collect sugar-rich flower nectar and return . 
The specific composition of any batch of honey will depend largely on the mix of flowers available to the bees that produced the honey . 
Honeys can be from specific types of flower nectars , from indeterminate origin , or can be blended after collection . 
Polyfloral honey , also known as wildflower honey , is derived from the nectar of many types of flowers . 
Monofloral honey is made primarily from the nectar of one type of flower . 
In order to produce monofloral honey beekeepers keep beehives in an area where the bees have access to only one type of flower . 
In practice , because of the difficulties in containing bees , a small proportion of any honey will be from additional nectar from other flower types . 
Some typical European examples include thyme , thistle , heather , acacia , dandelion , sunflower , honeysuckle , and varieties from lime and chestnut trees . 
Bees collecting this resource also have to be fed protein supplements , as honeydew lacks the protein-rich pollen accompaniment gathered from flowers . 
Honey produced from the flowers of rhododendrons , mountain laurels , sheep laurel , and azaleas may cause honey intoxication . 
Most of Mexico 's Yucatán producers are small , family operations who use original traditional techniques , moving hives to take advantage of the various tropical and sub-tropical flowers . 
Many species flower at this time . 
After the rainy season begins , there are still plenty of flowers but the bees have a difficult time traveling for nectar and producing the honey because of the weather conditions . 
The first was called " Sunflower to the sun " ISBN 0-7981-1228-X ( Human & Rousseau , 1976 ) , followed by " Herman Charles Bosman , a Pictorial Biography " ISBN 0-628-02148-8 ( Perskor , 1981 ) and most recently by " Herman Charles Bosman : Between the Lines " ISBN 1-77007-163-6 ( Struik , 2005 ) . 
The early modern period is seen as a flowering of the Renaissance , in what is often known as the Scientific Revolution , viewed as a foundation of modern science . 
This secession of one-third of the society , consisting mostly of the flower of young manhood and young womanhood who did not want to maintain the custom of celibacy , broke Frederick 's heart . 
Hashish is made from tetrahydrocannabinol-rich glandular hairs known as trichomes , as well as varying amounts of cannabis flower and leaf fragments . 
The flowers of a mature female plant contain the most trichomes , though trichomes are found on other parts of the plant . 
" Finger hash " is produced by rolling the ripe trichome-covered flowers of the plant between the fingers and collecting the resin that sticks to the fingers . 
Of herbs , if any , to use as an aid to this minimal burning technique , hops ( Humulus lupulus ) flowers , ground to a fine particle size in a mesh-16 screen strainer , are the most delicate and interfere least with perceiving the taste of the hashish . 
Mild species include various flowers , basil , catnip ( Nepeta cataria ) , damiana , dandelion , ginseng ( leaf ) , lemon balm ( melissa ) , marjoram , parsley , savory , tarragon , thyme , uva ursi ( kinnickinnick ) . 
He was born in Fremont , Nebraska on April 6th , 1903 , the son of Frank Eugene Edgerton , a descendent of Governor William Bradford ( 1590-1657 ) of the Plymouth Colony and a passenger on the Mayflower and Mary Nettie Coe . 
One of eighteen megadiverse countries , it is home to 7.6 % of all mammalian , 12.6 % of all avian , 6.2 % of all reptilian , 4.4 % of all amphibian , 11.7 % of all fish , and 6.0 % of all flowering plant species . 
Indrids are strict vegetarians , eating mostly leaves , fruits and flowers . 
The National Fruit Collection at Brogdale can supply grafts from their tree , which appears identical to Flower of Kent , a coarse-fleshed cooking variety . 
" The flowering of the natural sciences had led to an understanding of how data reaches the brain . 
Today , many newlyweds bring flowers to the mausoleum . 
Italy is the third largest producer of wine in the world and one of the leading in olive oil , fruits ( apples , oranges , lemons , pears , apricots , peaches , cherries , strawberries , kiwi ) , flowers and vegetables . 
Some include : niacin , zinc , copper , Korean red ginseng root , ginkgo , pine bark , " Tribulus terrestris " , arginine , " Avena sativa " , horny goat weed , maca root , muira puama , saw palmetto , and Swedish flower pollen . 
Stephen Baxter 's story " Mayflower II " ( in the collection " Resplendent " ) explores both of these risks as does Robert A. Heinlein 's two-part 1941 novel " Orphans of the Sky " . 
More recently , researchers have succeeded in introducing the gene for human insulin into plants and in producing insulin in plants , specifically safflower . 
A number of highly-successful insect groups evolved in conjunction with flowering plants , a powerful illustration of co-evolution . 
Some pollinate flowering plants ( for example wasps , bees , butterflies , ants ) . 
The rosette formed by the overlapping pieces show a resemblance to the Frangipani flower . 
After Irsay agreed to the deal , the Indianapolis Mayor called John B. Smith , his friend , neighbor and chief executive officer of Mayflower Transit , and 15 trucks were dispatched to the team 's Owings Mills , Maryland training complex at 2:00 AM on March 29 because it was feared the franchise would be seized early the following morning . 
Each of the Mayflower trucks took a slightly different route on the way to Indianapolis . 
Since the Celtic year was based on both lunar and solar cycles , it is most likely that the holiday would be celebrated on the full moon nearest the midpoint between the winter solstice and vernal equinox , or when the primroses , dandelions , or other spring flowers rise up through the snow , or when the sun aligned with the passage tombs among the pre-Celtic megaliths . 
A competition in 2002 named the Pyramidal Orchid as the Isle of Wight 's county flower . 
A thorough examination of the suite of five pieces shows what Albéniz biographer Walter Aaron Clark describes as the âfirst flowering of his unique creative geniusâ , and the beginnings of compositional exploration that became the hallmark of his later works . 
Forms of genomic imprinting have been demonstrated in insects , mammals and flowering plants . 
The control of expression of specific genes by genomic imprinting is unique to placental mammals ( eutherians and marsupials ) and flowering plants . 
Decades after imprinting was demonstrated in the mouse , a similar phenomenon was observed in flowering plants ( angiosperms ) . 
During fertilisation of the embryo in flowers , a second separate fertilisation event gives rise to the endosperm , an extraembryonic structure that nourishes the seed similar to the mammalian placenta . 
In some paintings the cherubim are holding lilies and roses , flowers often associated with Mary . 
A November 1993 survey by the Cultural Affairs Agency found that more Japanese had sung karaoke that year than had participated in traditional cultural pursuits such as flower arranging or tea ceremony . 
But in the second edition of his " Methodus " ( 1704 ) he followed Rivinus and Joseph Pitton de Tournefort in taking the flower instead of the fruit as his basis of classification : he was no longer a fructicist but a corollist . 
Farmers and growers often sell surplus food and flowers in boxes on the roadside , relying on the honesty of those who pass to drop the correct change into the money box and take what they want . 
The famous French writer , Victor Hugo , lived in exile in Jersey from 1852 to 1855. The Island is particularly famous for the Battle of Flowers , a carnival held annually since 1902. Annual music festivals include Rock in the Park , Avanchi presents Jazz in July , Jersey Live , the music section of the Jersey Eisteddfod . 
Potatoes , cauliflower , tomatoes , and flowers are important export crops , shipped mostly to the United Kingdom . 
The June birth flower is the rose , or the honeysuckle , as roses and honeysuckles bloom throughout June . 
" For quite a time she did not stir , staring straight before her as if watching the vision of some pageant passing through the garden in the deep , rich glow of light and the splendour of flowers . 
" Some critics consider him " fluent to a fault , " others " question the depth and seriousness of his concerns " due to the supposed floweriness of his language , and some " object to Updike 's portrayal of women , viewed by some as specious and misogynistic . 
The name of the album was taken from a species of freesia flowers that Lennon had seen in the Bermuda Botanical Gardens . 
When he was stationed at Kingston upon Hull , he and Edith went walking in the woods at nearby Roos , and Edith began to dance for him in a clearing among the flowering hemlock : We walked in a wood where hemlock was growing , a sea of white flowers . 
The French word " sauvage " means " wild " , as in " a wild flower " , and does not have the connotations of fierceness or brutality that the word " savage " does in English , though in the eighteenth century the English word was closer in connotation to the French one . 
John Alden ( 1599âSeptember 22 , 1687 ) is said to be the first passenger of " The Mayflower " to set foot on Plymouth Rock in 1620. He was a ship-carpenter by trade and a cooper for " The Mayflower " , that was usually docked at Southampton . 
He was also one of the founders of the Plymouth Colony and the seventh signer of the Mayflower Compact . 
He was hired to repair " The Mayflower " while she lay at Southampton , England . 
John Alden was the last male survivor of the signers of the Mayflower Compact of 1620 , and with the exception of Mary Allerton , he was the last survivor of the Mayflower 's company . 
Another theory is that John Alden came from Harwich , England where there are records of an Alden family who were related by marriage to Christopher Jones , the Mayflower 's captain . 
" Puja " is a specifically Jain concept , arising from the Kannada words , " pu " ( flower ) and " ja " ( offering ) . 
Under the spell of the Beatles ' newly-released " Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band " LP and the underground/ flower-power scene , John Peel brought 1967 hippy culture to a generation of young British listeners . 
The animation of Thurber 's cartoons on " My World and Welcome to It " led to the 1972 Jack Lemmon film " The War Between Men and Women " , which concludes with an animated rendering of Thurber 's classic anti-war work " The Last Flower . 
Bananas are plentiful , also dates and flowers of fragrant odor . 
Charles Rosen has argued that this assertion on Haydn 's part was not just sales talk , but meant quite seriously ; and he points out a number of important advances in Haydn 's compositional technique that appear in these quartets , advances that mark the advent of the Classical style in full flower . 
His literary works include " The Careless Flower " , " The Amaranthers " ( much admired by Beckett ) , and " The Charmed Life " . 
There are 209 native species of vascular plants in the Juan Fernandez Islands , approximately 150 of which are flowering plants , and 50 are ferns . 
Smaller species were usually placed on branches with berries , fruit , and flowers . 
While he cultivated a cavalier image ( red-lined gray cape , yellow sash , hat cocked to the side with a peacock feather , red flower in his lapel , often sporting cologne ) , his serious work made him the trusted eyes and ears of Robert E. Lee 's army and inspired Southern morale . 
After bathing in the spring of Ida , each attempted with her powers to bribe Paris ; Hera offered to make him king of Europe and Asia , Athena offered wisdom and skill in war , and Aphrodite , who had the Charites and the Horai to enhance her charms with flowers and song ( according to a fragment of the " Cypria " quoted by Athenagoras ) , offered the love of the world 's most beautiful woman ( Euripides , " Andromache " , l.284 , " Helena " l. 676 ) . 
Furthermore , alkyds can cause delamination of paint layers when combined with drying oils such as linseed , walnut and safflower oils--all of them used as the primary vehicle in oil paint . 
Other artists who recorded Mitchell songs in the early years were Buffy Sainte-Marie ( " The Circle Game " ) , Dave Van Ronk ( " Both Sides Now " ) , and eventually Judy Collins ( " Both Sides Now " , a top ten hit , included on her 1967 album " Wildflowers " ) . 
A Flowering Tree ( 2006 ) : An opera in two acts , based on a folktale from the Kannada language of southern India as translated by A. K. Ramanujan . 
Tito was buried in a mausoleum in Belgrade , called Kua Cvea ( " The House of Flowers " ) and numerous people visit the place as a shrine to " better times " . 
Depending on the distance between where the loop is drawn through the fabric and where it is knitted , dip stitches can produce a subtle stippling or long lines across the surface of the fabric , e. g. , the lower leaves of a flower . 
For example , differently colored leaves and petals of a flower could be knit separately and applied to form the final picture . 
Residents on Kikaijima island , east of Amami Lshima , say that pilots from suicide mission units dropped flowers from the air as they departed on their final missions . 
According to legend , the hills above Kikaijima airport have beds of cornflower that bloom in early May . 
Tourism is now Kenya 's largest foreign exchange earning sector , followed by flowers , tea , and coffee . 
Today , Kansas is one of the most productive agricultural states , producing many crops , and leading the nation in wheat , sorghum , and sunflower production most years . 
The land displays a gradual slope up from east to west ; its altitude above the sea ranges from along the Verdigris River at Coffeyville in Montgomery County , to at Mount Sunflower , one half mile from the Colorado border , in Wallace County . 
During the initial incursion the U. S. soldiers were greeted by Albanians cheering and throwing flowers as U. S. soldiers and KFOR rolled through their villages . 
A number of foods have been avoided while eating pork including Chinese bellflower ( " doraji " , ëëì ) and lotus root ( " yeonn ppuri " , ìëë ) as the combinations have been thought to cause diarrhea . 
Several types of wild greens , known collectively as " chwinamul " ( such as " Aster scaber " ) , are a popular dish , and other wild vegetables such as bracken fern shoots ( " gosari " ) or Korean bellflower root ( " doraji " ) are also harvested and eaten in season . 
Other places of interest include Kabul City Center , which is Kabul 's first shopping mall , the shops around Flower Street and Chicken Street , Wazir Akbar Khan district , Babur Gardens , Kabul Golf Club , Kabul Zoo , Shah Do Shamshera and other famous Mosques , the Afghan National Gallery , Afghan National Archive , Afghan Royal Family Mausoleum , the OMAR Mine Museum , Bibi Mahroo Hill , Kabul Cemetery , and Paghman Gardens . 
Later that year , Judge Richard Fred Suhrheinrich , writing for the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals in the case of " ACLU of Kentucky v. Mercer County " , wrote that a display including the Mayflower Compact , the Declaration of Independence , the Ten Commandments , the Magna Carta , " The Star-Spangled Banner " , and the national motto could be erected in the Mercer County courthouse . 
The state also accounts for 75 % of India 's floriculture , an upcoming industry which supplies flowers and ornamental plants worldwide . 
The Indian roller and the Indian elephant are recognized as the state bird and animal while sandalwood and the lotus are recognized as the state tree and flower respectively . 
By this time , Dalglish had added England internationals Tim Flowers and David Batty to his growing squad . 
The kabuki stage features a projection called a hanamichi ( èé ; literally , flower path ) , a walkway which extends into the audience and via which dramatic entrances and exits are made . 
Kohlrabi has been created by artificial selection for lateral meristem growth ; its origin in nature is the same as that of cabbage , broccoli , cauliflower , kale , collard greens , and brussels sprouts : They are all bred from , and are the same species as , the wild cabbage plant ( " Brassica oleracea " ) . 
The diet of tettigoniids includes leaves , flowers , bark , and seeds , but many species are exclusively predatory , feeding on other insects , snails or even small vertebrates such as snakes and lizards . 
The King Protea ( " Protea cynaroides " ) is a flowering plant . 
It is a distinctive " Protea " , having the largest flower head in the genus . 
In some varieties the pink of the flower and red borders of leaves are replaced by a creamy yellow . 
This unusual flower has a long vase life in flower arrangements , and makes for an excellent dried flower . 
The specific epithet " cynaroides " refers to the artichoke-like appearance of the flower-heads : the artichoke belongs to the genus " Cynara " . 
It is also known to be related to the Greek sea god Proteus who was very old just like this flower Sport . 
There is currently a political debate as to how and if the flower should be incorporated onto the national Rugby teams shirts , perhaps replacing the controversial Springbok . 
The kumquats or " 'cumquats are a group of small fruit-bearing trees in the flowering plant family Rutaceae , in the genus " Fortunella " which may better be included in " Citrus " as it is often done . 
The leaves are dark glossy green , and the flowers pure white , similar to other citrus flowers , borne singly or clustered in the leaf-axils . 
" Kalmia latifolia " , commonly called Mountain-laurel or " 'Spoonwood , is a flowering plant in the family Ericaceae , native to the eastern United States , from southern Maine south to northern Florida , and west to Indiana and Louisiana . 
Its flowers are star-shaped , ranging from red to pink to white , and occurring in clusters . 
Mountain-laurel is the state flower of Connecticut and Pennsylvania . 
It is still widely grown for its attractive flowers . 
Numerous cultivars have been selected with varying flower color . 
The green parts of the plant , the flowers , twigs , and pollen are all toxic , and symptoms of toxicity begin to appear about 6 hours following ingestion . 
However , instead of being punished by demons like the other inmates , Guan Yin played music and flowers blossomed around her . 
By the end of 1919 he 'd become famous , after his first one-man exhibition at Der Sturm gallery , June 1919 , and the publication that August of the poem " An Anna Blume " ( usually translated as 'To Anna Flower ' , or 'To Eve Blossom ' ) , a dadaist non-sensical love poem . 
This gesture is believed to have eventually led Clark to the idea of making the rose the race 's official flower . 
Were in the form of corridors connecting the Pavilion to the stables and consisting of a passage of flowers covered with glass and linked with orangery , a greenhouse , an aviary , a pheasantry and hothouses . 
Captain J. A. Grant , who reached Khartoum in 1863 with Captain Spekeâs expedition , thought that the derivation was most probably from the safflower ( Carthamus Tinctorius L. ) which is called 'Gartoon , ' and which was cultivated extensively in Egypt for its oil , used in burning . 
Given its temperate climate , it is suited for crops like asparagus , artichoke , seakale , broad beans , scarletrunners , beetroot , cauliflower and cabbage . 
An exception is the cultivar 'Issai ' , a hybrid ( " Actinidia arguta x polygama " ) from Japan , which produces perfect flowers and can self-pollinate ; unfortunately it lacks vigour , is less hardy than most " A. arguta " forms and is not a large producer . 
Kiwifruit is notoriously difficult to pollinate because the flowers are not very attractive to bees . 
Some producers blow collected pollen over the female flowers . 
But generally the most successful approach is saturation pollination , where the bee populations are made so large ( by placing hives in the orchards ) that bees are forced to use this flower because of intense competition for all flowers within flight distance . 
Born in Munich , the son of Friedrich Richard Hartmann , well known there for his flower paintings , and the youngest of four brothers of whom the elder three also became painters , Hartmann was himself torn , early in his career , between music and the visual arts . 
One subject , aged 19 at the time , reported seeing " walls melting , cracks appearing in people 's faces â eyes would run down cheeks , Salvador Dalí-type faces â a flower would turn into a slug " . 
Kamadeva is often pictured holding a bow of sugar cane and an arrow of flowers ; he may ride upon a great parrot . 
The Lavenders " Lavandula " are a genus of 39 species of flowering plants in the mint family , Lamiaceae , native to the Mediterranean region south to tropical Africa and to the southeast regions of India . 
" Lavandula intermedia " or " Lavendin " is the most cultivated species for commercial use , since its flowers are bigger and the plants are easier to harvest , but Lavendin oil is regarded to be of a lower quality . 
Flower spikes are used for dried flower arrangements . 
The fragrant , pale purple flowers and flower buds are used in potpourris . 
The plant is also grown commercially for extraction of lavender oil from the flowers . 
Lavender flowers yield abundant nectar which yields a high-quality honey for beekeepers . 
Lavender flowers can be candied and are sometimes used as cake decorations . 
Lavender flowers are occasionally sold in a blend with black , green , or herbal tea , adding a fresh , relaxing scent and flavour . 
For most cooking applications it is the dried buds ( also referred to as flowers ) of lavender that are used , though some chefs experiment with the leaves as well . 
Lavender is frequently used as an aid to sleep and relaxation : Seeds and flowers of the plant are added to pillows , and an infusion of three flowerheads added to a cup of boiling water are recommended as a soothing and relaxing bedtime drink . 
Lavender was one of the holy herbs used in the biblicle Temple to prepare the holy essence , and Nard is mentioned in the Song of Solomon ( 4,14 ) with every kind of incense tree , During Roman times , flowers were sold for 100 " denarii " per pound , which was about the same as a month 's wages for a farm labourer , or fifty haircuts from the local barber . 
At the end of the summer , little white flowers full of nectar appear . 
Liliales is an order of monocotyledonous flowering plants . 
The Laurales are an order of flowering plants . 
The order Lamiales is a taxon in the asterid group of dicotyledonous flowering plants . 
This flowering of Islamic learning ceased centuries later when learning began declining in the Islamic world , after many of these libraries were destroyed by Mongol invasions . 
The remainder of the 19th century saw a relative period of stability , as Islamic , Druze and Maronite groups focused on economic and cultural development which saw the founding of the American University of Beirut and a flowering of literary and political activity associated with the attempts to liberalize the Ottoman Empire . 
In the spring , the countryside is a riot of wildflowers and blossoms . 
In the industrial south , among the abandoned quarries and deserted open pit mines , nature has reclaimed her own , and there are flowers everywhere . 
Older students mentored younger ones , called on them socially , took them to all-women dances , sent them flowers , cards , and poems that declared their undying love for each other . 
The original family name is " 'Labiatae , so given because the flowers typically have petals fused into an upper lip and a lower lip . 
The flowers are bilaterally symmetrical with 5 united petals , 5 united sepals . 
They are usually bisexual and verticillastrate ( a flower cluster that looks like a whorl of flowers but actually consists of two crowded clusters ) . 
Most vegetable oils are rich in linoleic acid ( safflower , sunflower , and corn oils ) . 
Cool onshore winds also retards early bloom of plants and flowers until later in the spring season , protecting them from possible frost damage . 
Yone Noguchi is quoted as saying about Hearn , " His Greek temperament and French culture became frost-bitten as a flower in the North . 
( " flower " ) , and " pax , pacis " fem . 
Her first book was " Flower Fables " ( 1855 ) , a book of tales originally written for Ellen Emerson , daughter of Ralph Waldo Emerson . 
Common ones include high oleic canola oil , castor oil , palm oil , sunflower seed oil and rapeseed oil from vegetable , and Tall oil from animal sources . 
To celebrate the Golden Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II in 2002 , the conservation charity Plantlife organised a competition to choose county flowers ; the sea-holly was Liverpool 's final choice . 
Even when the wall was repainted by some authorities , on the second day it was again full of poems and flowers . 
Many of these native species , such as the Los Angeles sunflower , have become so rare as to be considered endangered . 
Though they are not native to the area , the official tree of Los Angeles is the tropical Coral Tree and the official flower of Los Angeles is the Bird of Paradise , " Strelitzia reginae " . 
The full flowering of the medieval labyrinth design came about during the twelfth and thirteenth centuries with the grand pavement labyrinths of the gothic cathedrals , most notably Chartres , Reims and Amiens in northern France and the Duomo di Siena in Tuscany . 
Lyon & Healy produces one of the most ornate and elaborate harps in the world , the Louis XV , which includes carvings of leaves , flowers , scrolls , and shells along its neck and kneeblock , as well the soundboard edges . 
Night blooming flowers that depend on moths for pollination may be affected by night lighting , as there is no replacement pollinator that would not be affected by the artificial light . 
And in wine , he would mix in some sleeping pills ... " Afterwards he would drop off his charge and the chauffeur would give them a bouquet of flowers . 
One pregnant victim , having refused his advances , was accidentally given the flowers . 
This alleged practice got the name " Beria 's Flower Game " . 
Many felt " that 'the flower of youth ' and the 'best of the nation ' had been destroyed " , for example such notable casualties as the poets Isaac Rosenberg , Rupert Brooke and Wilfred Owen . 
After Connor 's death at the conclusion of the " Infinite Crisis " , Luthor is shown visiting a memorial statue of Connor in Metropolis and placing flowers there . 
A liqueur is an alcoholic beverage that has been flavored with fruit , herbs , nuts , spices , flowers , or cream and bottled with added sugar . 
Some liqueurs are prepared by infusing certain woods , fruits , or flowers , in either water or alcohol , and adding sugar or other items . 
The rose and poppy are her flower ; for where Is he not found , O Lilith , whom shed scent And soft-shed kisses and soft sleep shall snare ? 
Greek musical literacy created a flowering of development ; Greek music theory included the Greek musical modes , eventually became the basis for Western religious music and classical music . 
Maryland 's state flower , the Black-eyed Susan , grows in abundance in wild flower groups throughout the state where it often becomes a favorite of the state insect , the Baltimore Checkerspot Butterfly . 
Manitoba entered Confederation on July 15 , 1870. Its provincial flower is the Prairie Crocus , its provincial bird is the Great Grey Owl , and its provincial tree is the White Spruce . 
Manitoba is the nation 's largest producer of sunflower seed and dry beans ; and one of the leading potato producers . 
Altona is the " sunflower capitol of Canada " . 
Manitoba is the nation 's largest producer of sunflower seed and dry beans ; and one of the leading potato producers . 
Altona is the " sunflower capital of Canada " . 
" Mentha " ( mint ) is a genus of about 25 species ( and many hundreds of varieties ) of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae ( Mint Family ) . 
The flowers are produced in clusters ( 'verticils ' ) on an erect spike , white to purple , the corolla two-lipped with four subequal lobes , the upper lobe usually the largest . 
Marjoram is cultivated for its aromatic leaves , either green or dry , for culinary purposes ; the tops are cut as the plants begin to flower and are dried slowly in the shade . 
The flowering leaves and tops of Marjoram are steam distilled to produce an essential oil that is yellowish in color ( darkening to brown as it ages ) . 
It is a perennial common in southern Europe in dry copses and on hedge-banks , with many stout stems 30-80 cm high , bearing short-stalked somewhat ovate leaves and clusters of purple flowers . 
</text> <text  Flowering plant . 
The flowering plants or " 'angiosperms ( " 'Angiospermae or " 'Magnoliophyta ) are the most widespread group of land plants . 
The flowering plants and the gymnosperms are the only extant groups of seed plants . 
The flowering plants are distinguished from other seed plants by a series of apomorphies , or derived characteristics . 
The flowers , which are the reproductive organs of flowering plants , are the most remarkable feature distinguishing them from other seed plants . 
Flowers aid angiosperms by enabling a wider range of evolutionary relationships and broadening the ecological niches open to them . 
This has allowed flowering plants to largely dominate terrestrial ecosystems . 
The reduced female gametophyte , like the reduced male gametophyte , may be an adaptation allowing for more rapid seed set , eventually leading to such flowering plant adaptations as annual herbaceous life cycles , allowing the flowering plants to fill even more niches . 
The major exception to the dominance of terrestrial ecosystems by flowering plants is the coniferous forest . 
The first seed bearing plants , like the ginkgo , and conifers ( such as pines and firs ) , did not produce flowers . 
The earliest fossil of an angiosperm , or flowering plant , " Archaefructus liaoningensis " , is dated to about 125 million years BP ( the Cretaceous period ) . 
Pollen , considered directly linked to flower development , has been found in the fossil record perhaps as long ago as 130 million years . 
While the fossil evidence so far shows us such flowers existing only about 130 million years ago , there is some circumstantial evidence that they may have existed 250 million years ago . 
A chemical used by plants to defend their flowers , oleanane , has been detected in fossil plants from that age . 
This includes gigantopterids , which evolved at that time and bear many of the traits of modern , flowering plants ( though they are not known to be flowering plants themselves because only their stems and prickles have been found preserved in detail ) . 
The apparently sudden appearance of relatively modern flowers in the fossil record posed such a problem for the theory of evolution that it was called an " abominable mystery " by Charles Darwin . 
Several groups of extinct gymnosperms , particularly seed ferns , have been proposed as the ancestors of flowering plants but there is no continuous fossil evidence showing exactly how flowers evolved . 
The relationship of the earlier gigantopterids to flowering plants is still enigmatic . 
Recent DNA analysis ( molecular systematics ) show that " Amborella trichopoda " , found on the Pacific island of New Caledonia , belongs to a sister group of the other flowering plants , and morphological studies suggest that it has features which may have been characteristic of the earliest flowering plants . 
It is generally assumed that the function of flowers , from the start , was to involve mobile animals in their reproduction processes . 
That is , pollen can be scattered even if the flower is not brightly colored or oddly shaped in a way that attracts animals ; however , by expending the energy required to create such traits , angiosperms can enlist the aid of animals and thus reproduce more efficiently . 
Island genetics provides one proposed explanation for the sudden , fully developed appearance of flowering plants . 
Flowering plants may have evolved in an isolated setting like an island or island chain , where the plants bearing them were able to develop a highly specialized relationship with some specific animal ( a wasp , for example ) . 
Fruit , which is formed by the enlargement of flower parts , is frequently a seed-dispersal tool which attracts animals to eat or otherwise disturb it , incidentally scattering the seeds it contains ( see frugivory ) . 
While many such mutualistic relationships remain too fragile to survive competition and spread widely , flowering proved to be an unusually effective means of reproduction , spreading ( whatever its origin ) to become the dominant form of land plant life . 
Flower ontogeny uses a combination of genes normally responsible for forming new shoots . 
The most primitive flowers are thought to have had a variable number of flower parts , often separate from ( but in contact with ) each other . 
The flowers would have tended to grow in a spiral pattern , to be bisexual ( in plants , this means both male and female parts on the same flower ) , and to be dominated by the ovary ( female part ) . 
As flowers grew more advanced , some variations developed parts fused together , with a much more specific number and design , and with either specific sexes per flower or plant , or at least " ovary inferior " . 
Flower evolution continues to the present day ; modern flowers have been so profoundly influenced by humans that some of them cannot be pollinated in nature . 
Many modern , domesticated flowers used to be simple weeds , which only sprouted when the ground was disturbed . 
This included flowering plants possessing seeds enclosed in capsules , distinguished from his Gymnospermae , or flowering plants with achenial or schizo-carpic fruits , the whole fruit or each of its pieces being here regarded as a seed and naked . 
From that time onwards , so long as these Gymnosperms were , as was usual , reckoned as dicotyledonous flowering plants , the term Angiosperm was used antithetically by botanical writers , with varying scope , as a group-name for other dicotyledonous plants . 
In 1851 , Hofmeister discovered the changes occurring in the embryo-sac of flowering plants , and determined the correct relationships of these to the Cryptogamia . 
This fixed the position of Gymnosperms as a class distinct from Dicotyledons , and the term Angiosperm then gradually came to be accepted as the suitable designation for the whole of the flowering plants other than Gymnosperms , including the classes of Dicotyledons and Monocotyledons . 
In most taxonomies , the flowering plants are treated as a coherent group . 
The most popular descriptive name has been Angiospermae ( Angiosperms ) , with Anthophyta ( " flowering plants " ) a second choice . 
The Reveal system treated flowering plants as subdivision Magnoliophytina ( Frohne & U. Jensen ex Reveal , Phytologia 79 : 70 1996 ) , but later split it to Magnoliopsida , Liliopsida and Rosopsida . 
A general consensus about how the flowering plants should be arranged has recently begun to emerge , through the work of the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group , who published an influential reclassification of the angiosperms in 1998. An update incorporating more recent research was published as APG II in 2003. Traditionally , the flowering plants are divided into two groups , which in the Cronquist system are called " Magnoliopsida " ( at the rank of class , formed from the family name " Magnoliacae " ) and " Liliopsida " ( at the rank of class , formed from the family name " Liliaceae " ) . 
The name " eudicots " is formed combining " dicot " with the prefix " eu- " ( from Greek , for " well , " or " good , " botanically indicating " true " ) , as the eudicots share the characters traditionally attributed to the dicots , such as flowers with four or five parts ( four or five petals , four or five sepals ) . 
Flowering plant diversity . 
The number of species of flowering plants is estimated to be in the range of 250,000 to 400,000 . 
The number of families in APG ( 1998 ) was 462. In APG II ( 2003 ) it is not settled ; at maximum it is 457 , but within this number there are 55 optional segregates , so that the minimum number of families in this system is 402. The diversity of flowering plants is not evenly distributed . 
The remaining 5 clades contain a little over 250 species in total , i. e. , less than 0.1 % of flowering plant diversity , divided among 9 families . 
The most diverse families of flowering plants , in their APG circumscriptions , in order of number of species , are : In the list above ( showing only the 10 largest families ) , the Orchidaceae , Poaceae , Cyperaceae and Araceae are monocot families ; the others are dicot families . 
The amount and complexity of tissue-formation in flowering plants exceeds that of Gymnosperms . 
Flowers . 
The characteristic feature of angiosperms is the flower . 
Flowers show remarkable variation in form and elaboration , and provide the most trustworthy external characteristics for establishing relationships among angiosperm species . 
The function of the flower is to ensure fertilization of the ovule and development of fruit containing seeds . 
Occasionally , as in violets , a flower arises singly in the axil of an ordinary foliage-leaf . 
More typically , the flower-bearing portion of the plant is sharply distinguished from the foliage-bearing or vegetative portion , and forms a more or less elaborate branch-system called an inflorescence . 
The reproductive cells produced by flowers are of two kinds . 
The flower may consist only of these parts , as in willow , where each flower comprises only a few stamens or two carpels . 
The individual members of these surrounding structures are known as sepals and petals ( or tepals in flowers such as " Magnolia " where sepals and petals are not distinguishable from each other ) . 
The outer series ( calyx of sepals ) is usually green and leaf-like , and functions to protect the rest of the flower , especially the bud . 
Attraction is effected by color , scent , and nectar , which may be secreted in some part of the flower . 
The characteristics that attract pollinators account for the popularity of flowers and flowering plants among humans . 
While the majority of flowers are perfect or hermaphrodite ( having both male and female parts in the same flower structure ) , flowering plants have developed numerous morphological and physiological mechanisms to reduce or prevent self-fertilization . 
Heteromorphic flowers have short carpels and long stamens , or vice versa , so animal pollinators cannot easily transfer pollen to the pistil ( receptive part of the carpel ) . 
Homomorphic flowers may employ a biochemical ( physiological ) mechanism called self-incompatibility to discriminate between self- and non-self pollen grains . 
In other species , the male and female parts are morphologically separated , developing on different flowers . 
Frequently the influence of fertilization is felt beyond the ovary , and other parts of the flower take part in the formation of the fruit , e. g. the floral receptacle in the apple , strawberry and others . 
Flowering plants also provide economic resources in the form of wood , paper , fiber ( cotton , flax , and hemp , among others ) , medicines ( digitalis , camphor ) , decorative and landscaping plants , and many other uses . 
Malvales is the name of an order of flowering plants . 
The Myrtales are an order of flowering plants placed as a basal group within the rosid group of dicotyledons ( not a member of eurosids Ior eurosids II ) . 
The Malpighiales are a large order of flowering plants , included in the group named " 'eurosids I in the recent APG classification . 
These informal workers often sell drivers cigarettes , fruit , newspapers and flowers at the congested traffic lights , or entertain tourists for tips , such as fire-spitters . 
If bad weather occurs during flowering , the Merlot vine is prone to develop coulure . 
She described Malden as containing " a little settlement fronted by a big wooden pier , and a desolate plain of low greyish-green herbage , relieved here and there by small bushes bearing insignificant yellow flowers " . 
The story concerns Eliza Doolittle , a Cockney flower girl who takes speech lessons from professor Henry Higgins so that she can pass as a lady . 
Eliza Doolittle , a Cockney flower girl , runs into young Freddie . 
She leaves them together , and Eliza explains that he has always treated her as a flower girl , but she learned to be a lady because Colonel Pickering treated her like a lady . 
Other significant dietary sources include green beans , eggs , sunflower seeds , wheat flour , lentils , and cereal grain . 
Molybdenum powder is used as a fertilizer for some plants , such as cauliflower . 
Modern industries , however , did not take off until the 1970s when the textiles and garments industry was rising rapidly , while other light industries such as plastics , electronics , toys , and artificial flowers also experienced respectable growth . 
Due to high levels of salt in the soil near the beach , vegetation is limited there to a few plants such as shrubs , flowering plants , and small hedges . 
potatoes , cauliflower , grapes , wheat , barley , tomatoes , citrus , cut flowers , green peppers ; pork , milk , poultry , eggs 1 euro = 100 cent since 1 January 2008 previously 1 Maltese lira = 100 cents ; Maltese liri ( LM ) per US$1 - 0.4086 ( January 2000 ) , 0.3994 ( 1999 ) , 0.3885 ( 1998 ) , 0.3857 ( 1997 ) , 0.3604 ( 1996 ) , 0.3529 ( 1995 ) Irrevocably fixed conversion rate to the euro : Maltese liri ( LM ) per EUR1 - 0.4293 ( 2007 ) 
real exchange rate - US$9.61 billion ( in 2006 ) real exchange rate - US$23,931 ( in 2006 ) Household income or consumption by percentage share : agriculture 10 % , industry 17 % , services 73 % ( 1997 ) $2.5 billion , including capital expenditures of $140 million ( 1996 ) construction , rum , cement , petroleum refining , sugar , tourism pineapples , avocados , bananas , flowers , vegetables , sugarcane refined petroleum products , bananas , rum , pineapples petroleum products , crude oil , foodstuffs , construction materials , vehicles , clothing and other consumer goods France 62 % , Venezuela 6 % , Germany 4 % , Italy 4 % , US 3 % ( 1997 ) $NA ; note - substantial annual aid from France 1 euro ( â ) = 100 cents euros per US$1 - 0.9867 ( January 2000 ) , 0.9386 ( 1999 ) ; French francs ( F ) per US$1 - 5.65 ( January 1999 ) , 5.8995 ( 1998 ) , 5.8367 ( 1997 ) , 5.1155 ( 1996 ) , 4.9915 ( 1995 ) 
In order to acquire captives in times of peace , the Aztec resorted to a form of " ritual warfare " , or flower war . 
The soil becomes less fertile toward the south but can still support grape and sunflower production . 
It is also known for its sunflower seeds , walnuts , apples , and other fruits . 
Table 1. " Moldovan Real GDP Growth and CPI Inflation " , 2006â09 ( Percent ) Table 2. " Moldova : External and Fiscal Balances , Government Debt " , 2006â08 ( Percent ) Household income or consumption by percentage share : Distribution of family income - Gini index : vegetables , fruits , wine , grain , sugar beets , sunflower seed , tobacco ; beef , milk mineral products and fuel , machinery and equipment , chemicals , textiles ( 2000 ) Reserves of foreign exchange & gold : 
The country exports citrus fruits and early vegetables to the European market ; its wine industry is developed , and production of commercial crops ( cotton , sugarcane , sugar beets , and sunflowers ) is expanding . 
In another experiment , normal subjects and autistic subjects interpreted ideological and religious sayings ( for example , " Let a thousand flowers bloom " or " To everything there is a season " ) . 
Autistics showed a significant tendency to closely paraphrase and repeat content from the original statement ( for example : " Do n't cut flowers before they bloom " ) . 
Some have argued that insects diversified with angiosperms because insect anatomy , especially the mouth parts , seems particularly well-suited for flowering plants . 
Magnoliales is an order of flowering plants . 
A number of one-flowered nodding peduncles spring from the neck bearing whitish-green flowers , nearly 2 inches broad , which produce globular , succulent , orange to red berries , resembling small tomatoes , which ripen in late spring . 
Musashi 's metaphor for Strategy is that of the Bulb and the flower , similar to western philosophy of " The chicken or the egg " , the " bulb " being the student , the " flower " being the technique . 
Musashi writes , " In this kind of Way of strategy , both those teaching and those learning the way are concerned with coloring and showing off their technique , trying to hasten the bloom of the flower " ( as opposed to the actual harmony between strategy and Skill . 
These 40 cards , numbered 1 to 9 in four different suits along with four extra flower cards , are quite similar to the numbering of Mahjong tiles today . 
Points for flower tiles ( each flower is worth 1 point ) may not be added until the player has scored 8 points . 
Mahjong tiles are split into these categories : suits , honor and flowers . 
) Flower . 
The 4 tiles below are flower tiles that represent plum , orchid , Chrysanthemum , and bamboo , the four noble plants of Confucian reckoning . 
These winds are also significant as winds are often associated with a member of a Flower tile group , typically 1 with East , 2 with South , 3 with West , and 4 with North . 
Flower tiles . 
Flower tiles , when dealt or drawn , must be immediately replaced by a tile from the dead wall , or if no dead wall exists , the back end of the wall . 
At the start of each round , where two or more players may have flower tiles , flower tiles are replaced starting with the dealer and moving to the right . 
Flower tiles may or may not have point value ; and in some variations , possession of all the flower tiles wins the round regardless of the actual contents of the hand . 
In American Mahjong , however , Flower tiles are not instantly exposed and replaced , as they may be melded with other Flower tiles in the same group ( in essence , they are treated as if they were another set of honor tiles ) or be used as a requirement of a winning hand . 
Early versions of American Mahjong used Flower tiles as Joker tiles . 
Natives also stated â without Powellâs asking â that " nâyamala " ate the flowering liana , just as von Stein had been told half a century earlier . 
Programs pursued during this time include the Hundred Flowers Campaign , in which Mao indicated his supposed willingness to consider different opinions about how China should be governed . 
Authors such as Jung Chang have alleged that the Hundred Flowers Campaign was merely a ruse to root out " dangerous " thinking . 
The Hundred Flowers movement led to the condemnation , silencing , and death of many citizens , also linked to Mao 's Anti-Rightist Movement , with death tolls possibly in the millions . 
The principles of heredity were written by the Augustinian monk Gregor Mendel in 1865. Mendel discovered that by crossing white flower and purple flower plants , the result was not a hybrid offspring . 
Rather than being a mix of the two , the offspring was purple flowered . 
The dominant gene , such as the purple flower in Mendel 's plants , will hide the recessive gene , the white flower . 
When they returned , Groucho , angered by the interruption , made snide comments about the audience , including " Nacogdoches is full of roaches " and " The jackass is the flower of Tex-ass " . 
There are usually four cups : Mushroom Cup , Flower Cup , Star Cup and Special Cup . 
" Mario Kart DS " has Peach Gardens , which feature tall hedges , flowers beds that slow racers down if they drive through them , several Chain-Chomps running loose among a partial maze of hedges , and a short dirt path infested with Monty Moles . 
For example , plants can sometimes transmit somatic mutations to their descendants asexually or sexually where flower buds develop in somatically mutated parts of plants . 
The sugar lactose is found only in milk , forsythia flowers , and a few tropical shrubs . 
The earliest May Day celebrations appeared in pre-Christian Europe , with the festival of Flora the Roman Goddess of flowers , the Walpurgis Night celebrations of the Germanic countries . 
In this connection , in works of art , school skits , and so forth , Mary 's head will often be adorned with flowers . 
Fading in popularity since the late 20th century is the giving of " May baskets , " small baskets of sweets and/ or flowers , usually left anonymously on neighbours ' doorsteps . 
A model of the ship The Black Prince is covered in flowers and is taken in procession from the Quay at Millbrook to the beach at Cawsand where it is cast adrift . 
The houses in the villages are decorated with flowers and people traditionally wear red and white clothes . 
These baskets are small and usually filled with flowers or treats and left at someone 's doorstep . 
In 1844 , Sir Timothy Shelley finally died at the age of ninety , " falling from the stalk like an overblown flower " , as Mary put it . 
The numerous neighbourhood parks throughout the metro Moncton area include Bore View Park ( which overlooks the Petitcodiac River ) and the downtown Victoria Park , which features a bandshell , flower gardens , fountain , and the city 's cenotaph . 
Published in 1941 , the book proposed that Emerson , Whitman , Thoreau , Hawthorne , and Melville were the most prominent figures of a flowering of conflicted ( and mostly " pre"-Civil War ) literature important for its promulgation of democracy and the exploration of its possibilities , successes , and failures . 
Tommy Flowers of the Post Office Research Station , Dollis Hill had experience of thermionic valves ( vacuum tubes ) and built an electronic machine , the Colossus computer which was installed in the Newmanry . 
It is a popular year-round resort , noted for its Madeira wine , flowers , and embroidery artisans , as well as its New Year 's Eve celebrations that feature a spectacular fireworks show , which is the largest in the world according to the Guinness World Records . 
Clinton had previously been confronted with allegations of sexual misconduct , most notably in regard to an alleged long-term relationship with singer and former Arkansas state employee Gennifer Flowers , and an encounter with Arkansas state employee Paula Jones ( née Corbin ) . 
The flowering of the Notre Dame school of polyphony from around 1150 to 1250 corresponded to the equally impressive achievements in Gothic architecture : indeed the centre of activity was at the cathedral of Notre Dame itself . 
The period of the troubadours corresponded to the flowering of cultural life in Provence which lasted through the twelfth century and into the first decade of the thirteenth . 
Flowers native to Montana include asters , bitterroots , daisies , lupins , poppies , primroses , columbine , lilies , orchids and dryads . 
Suppose a red flower is near the crystal and the crystal takes the colour and forgets itself , thinks it is red . 
It is the person taking the colour of the flower near to it . 
We are no more bodies than the crystal is the red flower . 
During this time , a major revolutionary change was occurring within Russian poetry : the flowering of the Russian Symbolist movement , and this movement was to colour most of her later work . 
Her painting " Two Women Throwing Flowers During Carnival " was well received in the Salon of 1872 , and was purchased . 
This ecological consciousness is echoed in " Princess Mononoke " with the giant primordial forest , trees , flowers and wolves . 
The cells of higher plants ( such as the flowering plants ) lack centrioles : with microtubules forming a spindle on the surface of the nucleus and then being organized into a spindle by the chromosomes themselves , after the nuclear membrane breaks down . 
The great Swedish botanist Linnaeus named the genus Malpighia in honor of Malpighi 's work on plants ; Malpighia is the type genus for the Malpighiaceae , a family of tropical and subtropical flowering plants . 
Raceday fashion has occasionally drawn almost as much attention as the race itself , The miniskirt received worldwide publicity when model Jean Shrimpton wore one on Derby Day during Melbourne Cup week in 1965. Flowers , especially roses are an important component of the week 's racing at Flemington . 
Over 200 varieties of the fragrant flower are nurtured by a team of up to 12 gardeners . 
Each of the major racedays at Flemington has an official flower . 
Victoria Derby Day has the Corn Flower , Melbourne Cup Day is for the Yellow Rose , Oaks Day highlights the Pink Rose and Stakes Day goes to the Red Rose . 
) Pink , even with flowers , is not shunned by warriors . 
It is also legal to sell dried poppy in flower shops for use in floral arrangements . 
lists the instructions for the construction of the menorah used in the temple : 31 And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold : of beaten work shall the candlestick be made , even its base , and its shaft ; its cups , its knops , and its flowers , shall be of one piece with it . 
32 And there shall be six branches going out of the sides thereof : three branches of the candlestick out of the one side thereof , and three branches of the candle-stick out of the other side thereof ; 33 three cups made like almond-blossoms in one branch , a knop and a flower ; and three cups made like almond-blossoms in the other branch , a knop and a flower ; so for the six branches going out of the candlestick . 
34 And in the candlestick four cups made like almond-blossoms , the knops thereof , and the flowers thereof . 
This is the sort of composition that is most familiarly named by the name of " motet , " and the Renaissance period marked the flowering of the form . 
From 1922 to 1926 , Mitchell wrote dozens of articles , interviews , sketches , and book reviews , including interviews with silent-screen star Rudolph Valentino , high-society murderer Harry K. Thaw , and a Georgia prisoner who made artificial flowers from scraps and sold them from his cell to support his family . 
" Mimosa " can be distinguished from the large related genera , " Acacia " and " Albizia " , since its flowers have 10 or fewer stamens . 
Note that , botanically , what appears to be a single globular flower is actually a cluster of many individual ones . 
The private Catholic institutions include McGill-Toolen Catholic High School ( 1896 ) , Corpus Christi School , Little Flower Catholic School ( 1934 ) , Most Pure Heart of Mary Catholic School ( 1900 ) , Saint Dominic School ( 1961 ) , Saint Ignatius School ( 1952 ) , Saint Mary Catholic School ( 1867 ) , Saint Pius X Catholic School ( 1957 ) , and Saint Vincent DePaul Catholic School ( 1976 ) . 
A significant portion of Dutch agricultural exports are derived from fresh-cut plants , flowers , and bulbs , with the Netherlands exporting two-thirds of the world 's total . 
In painting , individual artists such as Anthony Flower worked in obscurity , either through design or neglect . 
Others included cotton , sunflower , pumpkins , tobacco , goosefoot , and sump weed . 
Top musicians who played on Nirvana sessions include : Lesley Duncan , Herbie Flowers , Billy Bremner ( later of Rockpile/ Dave Edmunds fame ) , Luther Grosvenor , Wynder K. Frogg , Clem Cattini and the full lineup of rock band Spooky Tooth . 
However , despite their name , promotional photographs on the cover of their first album wearing " flower power " style clothes that implied associations with " druggy " music and distorted acid rock-style guitars , the band actually had no associations with that style of music . 
The band reunited in 1985 , touring Europe and releasing a compilation album " Black Flower " ( Bam-Caruso , 1987 ) which contained some new material . 
( " Black Flower " had been the working title of their third album ) . 
" Secret Theatre " 1994 compiled rare tracks and demos , while " Orange and Blue " 1996 contained previously unreleased material including a tongue-in-cheek flower-power cover of Kurt Cobain 's song " Lithium " originally recorded by Cobain 's grunge band of the same name , Nirvana . 
Merged with native oral tradition and Icelandic influence this was to flower into an active period of literature production in the late 12th and early 13th centuries . 
" While he supported Chinese campaigns such as the Great Leap Forward , he saw Maoist initiatives such as the Hundred Flowers Campaign and the Cultural Revolution as destabilising and dangerous . 
The cultural flowering of Nuremberg , in the 15th and 16th centuries , made it the center of the German Renaissance . 
Less well-known by the native population is the fact their country is home to a species of plant , " ( Amborella trichopoda ) " , believed to be genetically close to the ancestor of all flowering plants , or the fact their nation boasts the largest number and diversity of conifer species in the world , per unit of geographic area ( a remarkable fact , given that conifers are usually relatively rare in tropical regions ) . 
Nigeria is covered by three types of vegetation : forests ( where there is significant tree cover ) , savannah ( insignificant tree cover , with grasses and flowers located between trees ) , and montane land . 
Nigeria is covered by three types of vegetation : forests ( where there is significant tree cover ) , savannah ( insignificant tree cover , with grasses and flowers located between trees ) , and montane land . 
The birthflower is the chrysanthemum . 
Good sources of essential fatty acids include most vegetables , nuts , seeds , and marine oils , Some of the best sources are fish , flax seed oils , soy beans , pumpkin seeds , sunflower seeds , and walnuts . 
The state is the largest producer in the U. S. of barley , sunflower seeds , spring , and durum wheat for processing , and farm-raised turkeys . 
Their final child , Rose , was born in May 1851. Hawthorne called her " my autumnal flower " . 
On 25 February 2007 , " NR-1 " , towed by " Carolyn Chouest " , arrived in Galveston , Texas , in preparation for an expedition to survey the Flower Garden Banks National Marine Sanctuary and other sites in the Gulf of Mexico . 
" Usually female , they were dressed in white , decked with garlands of flowers , but they frequently had unnatural legs , like those of a goat , donkey or cow . 
Thus the Nestorians of Persia became one of the most important routes through which a sophisticated knowledge of Greek and Roman philosophy , science , and medicine passed first into Persia ( where Nestorians became prominent in scholarship and medicine ) , and subsequently , after the area was absorbed into the Islamic empire , to the intellectual culture of Islam , where the works of Aristotle and Galen , especially , became formative influences on the development of Islamic philosophy , science , and medicine ( and from whence this knowledge would eventually begin to find its way back into Christian western Europe from about the 12th century , leading to the flowering of medieval scholastic philosophy ) . 
His soul was sent to " the darkest hell " and the narcissus flower grew where he died . 
As Pausanias also notes , yet another tale is that the Narcissus flower was created to entice Demeter 's daughter Persephone away from her companions to enable Hades to abduct her . 
/ We watch in reverence , as Narcissus is turned to a flower . 
/ A flower ? 
The Adena were able to establish " semi-permanent " villages because , apart from hunting and gathering , they domesticated plants that included squash , sunflowers , and perhaps corn . 
They subsisted on agriculture ( corn , sunflowers , beans , etc. ) supplemented by seasonal hunts . 
The flowers are purple , 3-4 mm long , produced in erect spikes . 
The leaves and flowering stems are strongly antiseptic , antispasmodic , carminative , cholagogue , diaphoretic , emmenagogue , expectorant , stimulant , stomachic and mildly tonic . 
The guilds of writers denounced the printing press as " the Devil 's Invention " , and were responsible for a 43-year lag between its invention by Johannes Gutenberg in Europe in 1450 and its introduction to the Ottoman society with the Gutenberg press in Constantinople that was established by the Sephardic Jews of Spain in 1493. Sephardic Jews migrated to the Ottoman Empire as they escaped from the Spanish Inquisition of 1492. The Tulip Era ( or " Lâle Devri " in Turkish ) , named for Sultan Ahmed III 's love of the tulip flower and its use to symbolize his peaceful reign , the Empire 's policy towards Europe underwent a shift . 
In the flowering plants , the female gametophyte , which usually gives rise to the archegonium , has been reduced to just eight cells referred to as the embryo sac inside the ovule . 
Spain also produced its own distinctive form of opera , known as zarzuela , which had two separate flowerings : one from the mid 17th century through the mid 18th century , and another beginning around 1850. During the late 18th century up until the mid-19th century , Italian opera was immensely popular in Spain , supplanting the native form . 
Herself physically of short stature and with a " voice like a carving knife , " in her early years she adorned herself in diaphanous gowns , surrounded herself with flowers and commanded salons at the Langham Hotel ( at times lying in bed ) that included soldiers , politicians , literary lights , and artists . 
In April 2008 , another operation impounded seven olive oil plants and arrested 40 people in nine provinces of northern and southern Italy for adding chlorophyll to sunflower and soybean oil and selling it as extra virgin olive oil , both in Italy and abroad . 
The small white flowers , with ten-cleft calyx and corolla , two stamens and bifid stigma , are borne generally on the last year 's wood , in racemes springing from the axils of the leaves . 
The pruning preserves the flower-bearing shoots of the preceding year , while keeping the tree low enough to allow the easy gathering of the fruit . 
Certain lepidopterous caterpillars feed on the leaves and flowers . 
The biggest sales auction of vegetables , fruits and flowers ( GASA ) in Denmark is situated here . 
The second two layers were wound curving outward to give it a full figure and its trademark flower shape . 
Here are the ratios of " n"â6 to " n"â3 fatty acids in some common oils : canola 2:1 , soybean 7:1 , olive 3â13:1 , sunflower ( no " n"â3 ) , flax 1:3 , cottonseed ( almost no " n"â3 ) , peanut ( no " n"â3 ) , grapeseed oil ( almost no " n"â3 ) and corn oil 46 to 1 ratio of " n"â6 to " n"â3 . 
Consequently , the " n"â6 to " n"â3 ratios for these oils ( i. e. olive , canola and peanut oils ) are not as significant as they are for corn , soybean and sunflower oils . 
Other oils occasionally used include poppyseed oil , walnut oil , and safflower oil . 
He began wearing his hair long and openly scorning so-called " manly " sports , and began decorating his rooms with peacock feathers , lilies , sunflowers , blue china and other " objets d'art " . 
By the 1300s the Ottoman Empire 's prosperity made manuscript works available to merchants and craftsman , and produced a flowering of miniatures which depicted pagentry , daily life , commerce , cities and stories , as well as chronicling events . 
Rousay is a 'Site of Special Scientific Interest ' with notable cliff formations and wildflower colonies , and has an RSPB bird reserve . 
They are popular and attractive garden plants , whose flowers vary greatly in color , size and form . 
Orchidaceae ( or " 'Orchid family ) is the largest family of the flowering plants ( Angiospermae ) . 
The cordate leaves of " Psychopsiella limminghei " are light brownish green with maroon-puce markings , created by flower pigments . 
The Jewel Orchid ( " Ludisia discolor " ) is grown more for its colorful leaves than its fairly inconspicuous white flowers . 
Flower . 
Orchidaceae are well known for the many structural variations in their flowers . 
Some orchids have single flowers but most have a racemose inflorescence , sometimes with a large number of flowers . 
The flowering stem can be " basal " , that is produced from the base of the tuber , like in " Cymbidium " , " apical " , meaning it grows from the apex of the main stem , like in " Cattleya " , or " axillary " , from the leaf axil , as in " Vanda " . 
As an apomorphy of the clade , orchid flowers are primitively zygomorphic ( bilaterally symmetrical ) , although in some genera like " Mormodes " , " Ludisia " , " Macodes " this kind of symmetry may be difficult to notice . 
The orchid flower , like most flowers of monocots has two whorls of sterile elements . 
The inferior ovary ( " '7 ) or the pedicel usually rotates 180 degrees , so that the labellum , goes on the lower part of the flower , thus becoming suitable to form a platform for pollinators . 
Orchid flowers with abnormal numbers of petals or lips are called " peloric " . 
Orchid flowers primitively had three stamens , but this situation is now limited to the genus " Neuwiedia " . 
The stigma ( " '9 ) is very asymmetrical as all of its lobes are bent towards the centre of the flower and lay on the bottom of the column . 
As aforementioned , the ovary is always inferior ( located behind the flower ) . 
This is why orchid flowers usually remain receptive for very long periods and why most orchids deliver pollen in a single mass ; each time pollination succeeds thousands of ovules can be fertilized . 
The flowers may produce attractive odours . 
When the pollinator enters into the flower , it touches a viscidium , which promptly sticks to its body , generally on the head or abdomen . 
While leaving the flower , it pulls the pollinium out of the anther , as it is connected to the viscidium by the caudicle or stipe . 
When the pollinator enters another flower of the same species , the pollinium has taken such position that it will stick to the stigma of the second flower , just below the rostellum , pollinating it . 
The caudicles may dry up if the flower has n't been visited by any pollinator and the pollina then fall directly on the stigma . 
Otherwise the anther may rotate and then enter the stigma cavity of the flower ( as in " Holcoglossum amesianum " ) . 
Pollination happens as the insect attempts to mate with flowers . 
Many neotropical orchids are pollinated by male orchid bees , which visit the flowers to gather volatile chemicals they require to synthesize pheromonal attractants . 
" Catasetum " , a genus discussed briefly by Darwin actually launches its viscid pollinia with explosive force when an insect touches a seta , knocking the pollinator off the flower . 
The other important use of orchids is their cultivation for the enjoyment of the flowers . 
The term " botanical orchid " loosely denotes those small flowered tropical orchids belonging to several genera ( not necessarily related to each other ) that do n't fit into the " Florist " orchid category . 
Because of their apparent ease in hybridization , they are now becoming one of the most popular cut-flowers on the market . 
Hammerstein also collaborated with Vincent Youmans ( " Wildflower " ) , Rudolf Friml ( " Rose Marie " ) , and Sigmund Romberg ( " The Desert Song " and " The New Moon " ) . 
The partnership went on to produce such classic Broadway musicals as " Carousel " , " Allegro " , " South Pacific " , " The King and I " , " Me & Juliet " , " Pipe Dream " , " Flower Drum Song " , and " The Sound of Music " as well as the musical film " State Fair " ( and its stage adaptation of the same name ) and the television musical " Cinderella " , all of which were featured in the revue " A Grand Night for Singing " . 
Many of the greatest early modern scientists and artists who broke with Scholasticism and fostered the flowering of the Renaissance , with the support of the Plato-inspired Lorenzo de Medici , saw Plato 's philosophy as the basis for progress in the arts and sciences . 
Typical loanwords from Italian include " pomidor " from pomodoro ( tomato ) , " kalafior " from cavolfiore ( cauliflower ) , " pomaraDcza " from l'arancio ( orange ) , etc. Those were introduced in the times of queen Bona Sforza ( the wife of Polish king Sigismund the Old ) who was famous for introducing Poland to Italian cuisine , especially vegetables . 
Capuchin monkeys , on the other hand , can exploit many different types of food , including fruit , leaves , flowers , buds , nectar , seeds , insects and other invertebrates , bird eggs , and small vertebrates such as birds , lizards , squirrels and bats . 
" In critic Robert Christgau 's description , " It was also a subculture that scornfully rejected the political idealism and Californian flower-power silliness of hippie myth . 
The official symbols of Puerto Rico are the bird , " Reinita mora " ( " Spindalis portoricensis " ) , the flower , " Flor de Maga " ( " Thespesia grandiflora " ) , and the tree , " Ceiba " or Kapok ( " Ceiba pentandra " ) . 
In many decks , the Queen of Clubs holds a flower . 
She is thus known as the " flower Queen " , though this design element is among the most variable ; the standard Bicycle Poker deck depicts all Queens with a flower styled according to their suit . 
Flowering plants appeared and rapidly diversified between 130 million years ago and 90 million years ago , possibly helped by coevolution with pollinating insects . 
Fossil evidence indicates that flowering plants appeared and rapidly diversified in the Early Cretaceous , between and . 
The flowers are purple , long , with a four-lobed corolla about diameter ; they are produced in whorls ( verticillasters ) around the stem , forming thick , blunt spikes . 
Flowering is from mid to late summer . 
" Peppermint flowers are large nectar producers and honey bees as well as other nectar harvesting organisms forage them heavily . 
The leaves and flowering tops are the usable portion of the plant . 
They are collected as soon as the flowers begin to open and then are carefully dried . 
Poales is a large order of flowering plants in the monocotyledons , and includes families of plants such as the grasses , bromeliads , and sedges . 
The flowers are typically small , enclosed by bracts , and arranged in an inflorescence ( except in the genus Mayaca , with solitary terminal flowers ) . 
The flowers of many species are wind pollinated ; the seeds usually contain starch . 
) While supposedly only posing as a drug user , Arctor becomes addicted to " Substance D " ( also referred to as " Slow Death , " " Death , " or " D " ) , a powerful psychoactive drug derived from a small blue flowering plant , " Mors ontologica " . 