The state tree is the Longleaf Pine , the state flower is the Camellia . 
The film largely consisted of a stick figure moving about and encountering all manner of morphing objects , such as a wine bottle that transforms into a flower . 
Apollo changed her into an incense plant , either heliotrope or sunflower , which follows the sun every day . 
Out of Hyacinthus ' blood , Apollo created a flower named after him as a memorial to his death , and his tears stained the flower petals with " " " " , meaning alas . 
Cut flowers , nursery plants , tropical fish and birds for the pet trade are some of the ornamental products . 
The orchid takes advantage of this mating arrangement to get the male bee to collect and disseminate its pollen ; parts of its flower not only resemble the appearance of sand bees , but also produce large quantities of the three alkanes in the same ratio as female sand bees . 
Metonymy involves the use of the name of a subcomponent part as an abbreviation , or jargon , for the name of the whole object ( for example " wheels " to refer to a car , or " flowers " to refer to beautiful offspring , an entire plant , or a collection of blooming plants ) . 
In central and northern Alberta the arrival of spring brings the prairie crocus anemone , the three flowered avens , golden bean , wild rose and other early flowers . 
The advancing summer introduces many flowers of the sunflower family , until in August the plains are one blaze of yellow and purple . 
The southern and east central parts of Alberta are covered by a short , nutritious grass , which dries up as summer lengthens , to be replaced by hardy perennials such as the prairie coneflower , fleabane , and sage . 
The word " aikido " is formed of three kanji : The term connects the practice of aikido with the philosophical concept of " Tao " , which can be found in martial arts such as judo and kendo , and in more peaceful arts such as Japanese calligraphy ( ) , flower arranging ( ) and tea ceremony ( ) . 
An annual plant is a plant that usually germinates flowers and dies in one year . 
Some seedless plants can also be considered annuals even though they do not grow a flower . 
Examples of true annuals include corn , lettuce , pea , cauliflower , watermelon , bean , zinnia and marigold . 
Summer annuals sprout , flower and die within the same spring/ summer/ fall ! 
Winter annuals die after flowering and setting seed , the seeds wait to germinate until the soil temperature is cool again in the fall or winter . 
The anthophytes were thought to be a clade comprising plants bearing flower-like structures . 
The group contained the angiosperms - the extant flowering plants - as well as the Gnetales and the extinct Bennettitales . 
Several Buddhist traditions may have been influenced by the ancient Greek religion ; the concept of Boddhisatvas is reminiscent of Greek divine heroes , and some Mahayana ceremonial practices ( burning incense , gifts of flowers and food placed on altars ) are similar to those practiced by the ancient Greeks . 
Asparagales is an order of flowering plants . 
Alismatales is an order of flowering plants . 
The flowers are usually arranged in inflorescences , and the mature seeds lack endosperm . 
The Apiales are an order of flowering plants . 
The Asterales are an order of dicotyledonous flowering plants which include the composite family Asteraceae ( sunflowers , daisies , thistles etc. ) and its related families . 
The Asteraceae include some species grown for food , including sunflower ( " Helianthus annuus " ) , lettuce ( " Lactuca sativa " ) and chicory ( " Cichorium " ) . 
These include Jänner ( January ) rather than " Januar " , heuer ( this year ) rather than " dieses Jahr " and a whole series of foods and vegetables such as : Erdäpfel ( potatoes ) German " Kartoffeln " ( but Dutch " Aardappel " ) , Schlagobers ( whipped cream ) German " Schlagsahne " , Faschiertes ( ground beef ) German " Hackfleisch " , Fisolen ( green beans ) German " Gartenbohne " , Karfiol ( cauliflower ) German " Blumenkohl " , Karotte ( carrot ) German " Möhre " , Kohlsprossen ( Brussels sprouts ) German " Rosenkohl " , Marillen ( apricots ) German " Aprikosen " , Paradeiser ( tomatoes ) German " Tomaten " , Palatschinken ( pancakes ) German " Pfannkuchen " , Topfen ( a semi-sweet cottage cheese ) German " Quark " and Kren ( horseradish ) German " Meerrettich " . 
Nobel 's third and long-lasting love was with a flower girl named Sofie Hess , also from Vienna . 
Flax plants , uprooted before they started flowering , were grown for the fibers of their stems . 
The lyrics for the single from this album , " Även en blomma " ( Even a Flower ) , deal with environmental issues . 
Willy Brandt was a strong advocate of Speer 's , supporting his release , sending flowers to his daughter on the day of his release , and putting an end to the de-Nazification proceedings against Speer , which could have caused his property to be confiscated . 
Alliaceae is a family of herbaceous perennial flowering plants . 
The family Asteraceae or " 'Compositae ( known as the " 'aster , " 'daisy , or " 'sunflower family ) is the largest family of flowering plants , in terms of number of species . 
Flowers . 
The most evident characteristic of Asteraceae is perhaps their inflorescence : a specialised " capitulum " , technically called a " calathid " or " calathidium " , but generally referred to as " flower head " or , alternatively , simply " capitulum " . 
The " capitulum " is a contracted raceme composed of numerous individual sessile flowers , called the " florets " , all sharing the same receptacle . 
The capitulum of the Asteraceae has evolved many characteristics that make it look superficially like a big single flower . 
This kind of flower-like inflorescences are quite widespread amongst plants and have been given the name of " pseudanthia " . 
Commercially important plants in the Asteraceae include the food crops " Lactuca sativa " ( lettuce ) , " Cichorium " ( chicory ) , " Cynara scolymus " ( globe artichoke ) , " Helianthus annuus " ( sunflower ) , " Smallanthus sonchifolius " ( yacón ) , " Carthamus tinctorius " ( safflower ) and " Helianthus tuberosus " ( Jerusalem artichoke ) . 
Many members of the family are grown as ornamental plants for their flowers and some are important ornamental crops for the cut flower industry . 
" Centaurea " ( knapweed ) , " Helianthus annuus " ( domestic sunflower ) , and some species of " Solidago " ( goldenrod ) are major " honey plants " for beekeepers . 
The small flowers are radially symmetrical with 5 small sepals , 5 petals and 5 stamens . 
The cultivated plants in this category are almost all considered good companion plants , as the umbrella of tiny flowers attracts omnivorous beneficial insects , especially parasitic wasps and predatory flies , which then will hunt insect pests on nearby crops . 
In large part , this is because the tiny flowers forming the umbers , for which the group is named , are perfectly suited for parasitic wasps and predatory flies , which actually drink nectar when not reproducing . 
In the Alps , several species of flowering plants have been recorded above , including " Ranunculus glacialis " , " Androsace alpina " and " Saxifraga biflora " . 
Arecales is an order of flowering plants . 
The traditional etymology from the Latin " aperire " , " to open , " in allusion to its being the season when trees and flowers begin to " open , " is supported by comparison with the modern Greek use of áÂ ( opening ) for spring . 
The birthstone of April is the diamond , and the birth flower is typically listed as either the Daisy or the Sweet Pea . 
August 's flower is the gladiolus or poppy , and its birthstone is the peridot . 
In 1948 in an apartment in Harlem , Ginsberg had an auditory hallucination of William Blake reading his poems " Ah , Sunflower " , " The Sick Rose " , and " Little Girl Lost " ( later referred to as his " Blake vision " ) . 
" Carl Solomon introduced Ginsberg to the work of Antonin Artaud ( " To Have Done with the Judgement of God " and " Van Gogh : The Man Suicided by Society " ) , and Jean Genet ( " Our Lady of the Flowers " ) . 
Just as it is the custom of French people , of all ranks and creeds , to decorate the graves of their dead on the " jour des morts " , so German people stream to the graveyards once a year with offerings of flowers and among Czech people the custom of visiting and tidying graves of relatives on the day is quite common even among atheists . 
The flowers are white or pale pink , 3â5cm diameter with five petals , produced singly or in pairs before the leaves in early spring . 
The fruit is mature in the autumn , 7â8 months after flowering . 
There are two forms of the plant , one ( often with white flowers ) producing sweet almonds , and the other ( often with pink flowers ) producing bitter almonds . 
Historically , almond syrup was an emulsion of sweet and bitter almonds usually made with barley syrup ( orgeat syrup ) or in a syrup of orange-flower water and sugar . 
In the Old Testament , the almond was a symbol of watchfulness and promise due to its early flowering , symbolizing God 's sudden and rapid punishment of His people ; in Jeremiah 1:11-12 , for instance . 
In Numbers 17 Levi is chosen from the other tribes of Israel by Aaron 's rod , which brought forth almond flowers . 
The almond blossom supplied a model for the menorah which stood in the Holy Temple , " Three cups , shaped like almond blossoms , were on one branch , with a knob and a flower ; and three cups , shaped like almond blossoms , were on the other ... on the candlestick itself were four cups , shaped like almond blossoms , with its knobs and flowers " ( Exodus 25:33-34 ; 37:19-20 ) . 
He also introduced the Fish team to Tommy Flowers who under the guidance of Max Newman , went on to build the Colossus computer , the world 's first programmable digital electronic computer , which replaced simpler prior machines ( including the " Heath Robinson " ) and whose superior speed allowed the brute-force decryption techniques to be applied usefully to the daily-changing cyphers . 
The Sarnath pillar is a column surmounted by a capital , which consists of a canopy representing an inverted bell-shaped lotus flower , a short cylindrical abacus with four 24-spoked Dharma wheels with four animals ( an elephant , a bull , a horse , a lion ) . 
However , during the time of Arianism 's flowering in Constantinople , the Gothic convert Ulfilas ( later the subject of the letter of Auxentius cited above ) was sent as a missionary to the Gothic barbarians across the Danube , a mission favored for political reasons by emperor Constantius II . 
Fragments of wood frequently occur , with the tissues well-preserved by impregnation with the resin ; while leaves , flowers and fruits are occasionally found in marvelous perfection . 
Alder is the common name of a genus of flowering plants ( " Alnus " ) belonging to the birch family ( Family Betulaceae ) . 
The flowers are catkins with elongate male catkins on the same plant as shorter female catkins , often before leaves appear ; they are mainly wind-pollinated , but also visited by bees to a small extent . 
The small flowers have five very small petals , almost hidden by the long stamens , and are arranged in dense globular or cylindrical clusters ; they are yellow or cream-colored in most species , whitish in some , even purple ( " Acacia purpureapetala " ) or red ( " Acacia leprosa " Scarlet Blaze ) . 
" Acacia " flowers can be distinguished from those of a large related genus , " Albizia " , by their stamens which are not joined at the base . 
Also , unlike individual " Mimosa " flowers , those of " Acacia " have more than 10 stamens. . 
Honey made by bees using the acacia flower as forage is considered a delicacy , appreciated for its mild flowery taste , soft running texture and glass-like appearance . 
A few species are widely grown as ornamentals in gardens ; the most popular perhaps is " Acacia dealbata " ( Silver Wattle ) , with its attractive glaucous to silvery leaves and bright yellow flowers ; it is erroneously known as " mimosa " in some areas where it is cultivated , through confusion with the related genus " Mimosa " . 
Southern European florists use " Acacia baileyana " , " Acacia dealbata " , " Acacia pycnantha " and " Acacia retinodes " as cut flowers and the common name there for them is mimosa . 
Also , when God gave Moses the instructions for building the Tabernacle , he said to " make an ark of acacia wood " and " make a table of acacia wood " ( Exodus 25:10 & 23 , Revised Standard Version ) In Russia , Italy and other countries it is customary to present women with yellow mimosas ( among other flowers ) on International Women 's Day ( March 8 ) . 
He also spent a week in Colorado , with the American botanist Alice Eastwood as his guide , exploring the flora of the Rocky Mountains and gathering evidence that would lead him to a theory on how glaciation might explain certain commonalities between the mountain flora of Europe , Asia and North America , which he published in 1891 in the paper " English and American Flowers " . 
The word comes from the Greek ( ÁÂ or ÁÄÂ ) the " one that does not wither , " or the never-fading ( flower ) . 
Infrageneric classification focuses on inflorescence , flower characters and whether a species is monoecious/ dioecious , as in the Sauer ( 1955 ) suggested classification . 
The flowers of the 'Hopi Red Dye ' amaranth were used by the Hopi Amerindians as the source of a deep red dye . 
The genus also contains several well-known ornamental plants , such as " A. caudatus " ( love-lies-bleeding ) , a native of India and a vigorous , hardy annual with dark purplish flowers crowded in handsome drooping spikes . 
Another Indian annual , " A. hypochondriacus " ( prince 's feather ) , has deeply-veined lance-shaped leaves , purple on the under face , and deep crimson flowers densely packed on erect spikes . 
1500. The original spelling is " amarant " ; the more common spelling " amaranth " seems to have come from a folk etymology assuming that the final syllable derives from the Greek word " anthos " ( " flower " ) , common in botanical names . 
It has a short stem bearing a tuft of long , narrow , arching leaves 10-35 cm long and 1-2 cm broad , and a central flower stalk 25-60 cm tall , ending in an umbel of 20-30 white , or bright blue , funnel-shaped flowers , each flower 2.5-5 cm diameter . 
Several cultivars are known , such as 'Albus ' ( with white flowers ) , 'Sapphire ' ( dark blue flowers ) , 'Aureus ' ( leaves striped with yellow ) , and 'Variegatus ' ( leaves almost entirely white with a few green bands ) . 
There are also double-flowered and larger- and smaller-flowered cultivars . 
The small yellow to greenish flowers are borne on branched panicles they turn reddish later in the year and eventually brown they stay on the tree for a long time ; the male flowers have a strong odour . 
From his blood sprang a red flower , as at the death of Hyacinthus , which bore on its leaves the initial letters of his name " Ai , " also expressive of lament ( Pausanias 1.35.4 ) . 
Aberdeen 's success in the Britain in Bloom competitions is often attributed to Johnston Gardens , a small park of one hectare in the west end of the city containing many different flowers and plants which have been renowned for their beauty . 
" 'Aloe " ' , also written " Aloë " , is a genus containing about four hundred species of flowering succulent plants . 
" Aloe " flowers are tubular , frequently yellow , pink or red and are borne on densely clustered , simple or branched leafless stems . 
It is often confused with " Hippeastrum " , a flowering bulb commonly sold in the winter months for its ability to bloom indoors . 
In late summer ( August in zone 7 ) each bulb produces one or two leafless stems 30-60 cm tall , each of which bear a cluster of 2 to 12 funnel-shaped flowers at their tops . 
Each flower is 6-10 cm diameter with six tepals ( three outer sepals , three inner petals , with similar appearance to each other ) . 
This pattern of flowering at a different time from when foliage appears is the cause of its common name " naked lady " . 
Adding to the name confusion , some bulbs of other species with a similar growth and flowering pattern are also sometimes called by another common name for this plant , " naked ladies " , even though those species have their own more widely used and accepted common names , such as the Resurrection Lily ( " Lycoris squamigera " ) . 
NCCAM suggests " using aromatherapy therapy in which the scent of essential oils from flowers , herbs , and trees is inhaled in an attempt to promote health and well-being and to help lessen a patient 's discomfort following surgery " as an example of complementary medicine . 
" In defining complementary medicine in the UK , the House of Lords Select Committee determined that the following therapies were the most often used to complement conventional medicine : Alexander technique , Aromatherapy , Bach and other flower remedies , Body work therapies including massage , Counselling stress therapies , hypnotherapy , Meditation , Reflexology , Shiatsu , Maharishi Ayurvedic medicine , Nutritional medicine , and Yoga . 
An example is the gene for blossom color in many species of flower - a single gene controls the color of the petals , but there may be several different versions ( or alleles ) of the gene . 
The resulting color of an individual flower will depend on which two alleles it possesses for the gene and how the two interact . 
An example of this would be seen if , when crossing Antirrhinums - flowers with incompletely dominant " red " and " white " alleles for petal color - the resulting offspring had pink petals . 
Another exception is co-dominance , where both alleles are active and both traits are expressed at the same time ; for example , both red and white petals in the same bloom or red and white flowers on the same plant . 
It is very diverse ecologically/ biologically and is home to a variety of beautiful animals and plants , notably the wildflowers that blossom throughout the year but especially in the spring , including the popular bluebonnets , some planted in an effort by Lady Bird Johnson . 
Conscious and calm , Anne died at about two o'clock in the afternoon , Monday , 28 May 1849. Over the following few days , Charlotte made the decision to " lay the flower where it had fallen " . 
" Floria Aemilia " is the name supplied by novelist Jostein Gaarder in " That Same Flower " . 
So they decided to designed a TRS-80 and CP/ M software compatible computer system , which ( following the lead of Apple Computer ) they decided to name after a " typical Dutch flower " . 
Perhaps the Aster computer inspired another Dutch computer firm to name their computer after another typical Dutch flower - the Tulip 's Tulip system 1 which appeared about the same time Aster folded . 
2009. On December 4 , 2008 , the Atlanta Braves received Javier Vázquez and Boone Logan , while the Chicago White Sox received prospects catcher Tyler Flowers , shortstop Brent Lillibridge , third baseman Jon Gilmore and pitcher Santos Rodriguez . 
Other vegetables included century plant crowns and flower shoots , yucca blossoms , tule rootstocks , amole stalks , bear grass stalks , cattail rootstocks , narrowleaf yucca stalks , and sotol crowns . 
The seeds from various plants were also commonly utilized : pine nuts ( western white pine , western yellow pine , pinyon pine ) , anglepod , dropseed , pigweed , spurge , sunflower seeds , tumbleweed , unicorn plant . 
To conclude the summary of infusions consumed in Argentina , it must be said that medicinal herbs are common in the whole country ; among the most popular are : chamomile , lanceleaf , " boldo " , " poleo " , " peperina " , " carqueja " , thyme , " canchalagua " , rue ( " macho " and " hembra " , that is , " male " and " female " ) , mallow , rosemary , passion flower , " bira bira " , " palán palán " , " muña muña " , to mention only the main ones . 
Recently , crops used for vegetable oil production such as sunflower and peanuts have gained favour . 
Though he planted trees and flowers in Yalta , kept dogs and tame cranes , and received guests such as Leo Tolstoy and Maxim Gorky , Chekhov was always relieved to leave his " hot Siberia " for Moscow or travels abroad . 
The word " apoptosis " ( Greek spelling of apoptosis ) is used in Greek to describe the " dropping off " or " falling off " of petals from flowers , or leaves from trees . 
He specialised in painting still lifes with flowers . 
Bosschaert became one of the first artists to specialise in still life , and in doing so he started a tradition of painting detailed flower bouquets , which typically consisted of tulips , roses and an exotic species . 
It may not be a coincidence that this trend coincided with a national obsession with exotic flowers which made flower portraits highly sought after . 
Ants evolved from wasp-like ancestors in the mid-Cretaceous period between 110 and 130million years ago and diversified after the rise of flowering plants . 
After the rise of flowering plants about 100million years ago they diversified and assumed ecological dominance around 60million years ago . 
He was nicknamed " 'Áed of the White Flowers , " 'the Wing-footed ( ) or " 'the white-foot ( ) . 
It is important in ferns and in flowering plants , but is very rare in other seed plants . 
In flowering plants , the term " apomixis " is now most often used for agamospermy , the formation of seeds without fertilization , but was once used to include vegetative reproduction . 
' Euan MacKie would place the origin even later , stating : " ... the genesis and modern flowering of archaeoastronomy must surely lie in the work of Alexander Thom in Britain between the 1930s and the 1970s . 
According to the artist , " the flowers reflect the various types of sidechains that each amino acid holds out to the world " . 
The most common symbol , adopted for about twenty years , had been a white lozenge with the flower inside . 
During the season they were Italian champions , the lozenge disappeared and the flower was overlapped with the scudetto . 
Pilgrims from all over the world unite to parade behind the image of Christ on a three-hour procession along the flower decorated streets of the city . 
During the campaign for the New Hampshire Primary reports of an extramarital affair with Gennifer Flowers surfaced . 
Throughout his career , Clinton has been subject to various allegations of sexual misconduct , though only his extramarital sexual relationships with Lewinsky and Flowers have been admitted by him . 
Gennifer Flowers , Elizabeth Ward Gracen , Sally Perdue and Dolly Kyle Browning - claimed to have had adulterous sexual relations with Clinton during or before his service as governor . 
The flower of the hop vine is used as a flavouring and preservative agent in nearly all beer made today . 
The flowers themselves are often called " hops " . 
Patterns which can be stitched using 3D beading range from animals , hearts , flowers , and jewelry , to name a few . 
Nectar feeders such as hummingbirds , sunbirds , lories , and lorikeets amongst others have specially adapted brushy tongues and in many cases bills designed to fit co-adapted flowers . 
Plants and pollinating birds often coevolve , and in some cases a flower 's primary pollinator is the only species capable of reaching its nectar . 
Production of the most important crops ( according to the FAO ) in 2006 ( in '000 tons ) amounted to : wheat 3301.9 ; sunflower 1196.6 ; maize 1587.8 ; grapes 266.2 ; tobacco 42.0 ; tomatoes 213.0 ; barley 546.3 ; potatoes 386.1 ; peppers 156.7 ; cucumbers 61.5 ; cherries 18.2 ; watermelons 136.0 ; cabbage 72.7 ; apples 26.1 ; plums 18.0 ; strawberries 8.8 . 
A biennial plant is a flowering plant that takes two years to complete its biological lifecycle . 
Many biennials require a cold treatment , or vernalization , before they will flower . 
The plant then flowers , producing fruits and seeds before it finally dies . 
This is quite common in vegetable or flower seedlings that were exposed to cold conditions , or vernalized , before they were planted in the ground . 
Flowering can be induced in some biennials without vernalization by application of the plant hormone " gibberellin " , but this is rarely done commercially . 
Biennials grown for flowers , fruits , or seeds need to be grown for two years . 
True biennials flower only once , while many perennials will flower every year once mature . 
Plant breeders have produced annual cultivars of several biennials that will flower the first year from seed , e. g. foxglove and stock . 
The " 'Bromeliales " ' is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants . 
The Brassicales are an order of flowering plants , belonging to the eurosids II group of dicotyledons under the APG II system . 
Flower . 
The national flower is the Pride of Barbados or " Caesalpinia pulcherrima " ( L. ) Sw . 
The Golden Shield in the coat of arms carries two " Pride of Barbados " flowers and the " bearded " fig tree ( " Ficus citrifolia " or " Ficus barbata " ) , which was common on the island at the time of its settlement by the British and may have contributed to Barbados being so named . 
The national flower of Belize is the black orchid ( " Prosthechea cochleata " ) , also known as " Encyclia cochleata " ) . 
There is a considerable number of Latin loans ( sometimes obscured by being subject to Basque phonology and grammar for centuries ) , for example : " lore " ( " flower " , from " florem " ) , " errota " ( " mill " , from " rotam " , " mill wheel " ) , " gela " ( " room " , from " cellam " ) . 
During 1968 the two composed a couple of songs together : " A Flower In My Garden " , recorded by Hep Stars , and Stig Anderson wrote lyrics for their first 'real ' hit " Ljuva Sextiotal " , a song submitted for the 1969 Swedish heats for Eurovision Song Contest -but rejected ; the song - a cabarét-style ironic song about the 1960s - was recorded by diva Brita Borg . 
Polar artist Arne Lamberts Swedish version of " A Flower In My Garden " - " Fröken Blåklint " was one of Björn & Bennys first in-house productions . 
Gates was listed in the " Sunday Times " power list in 1999 , named CEO of the year by " Chief Executive Officers magazine " in 1994 , ranked number one in the " Top 50 Cyber Elite " by " Time " in 1998 , ranked number two in the " Upside " Elite 100 in 1999 and was included in " The Guardian " as one of the " Top 100 influential people in media " in 2001. Gates has received honorary doctorates from Nyenrode Business Universiteit , Breukelen , The Netherlands in 2000 , the Royal Institute of Technology , Stockholm , Sweden in 2002 , Waseda University , Tokyo , Japan in 2005 , Harvard University in June 2007 , and from Karolinska Institutet , Stockholm , in January 2008. Gates was also made an honorary Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( KBE ) by Queen Elizabeth II in 2005 , in addition to having entomologists name the Bill Gates flower fly , " Eristalis gatesi " , in his honor . 
Brassicaceae or " 'Cruciferae , also known as the " 'crucifers , the " 'mustard family or " 'cabbage family is a family of flowering plants ( Angiospermae ) . 
Cruciferae is an older name , meaning " cross-bearing " , because the four petals of their flowers are reminiscent of a cross . 
) The family contains well-known species such as " Brassica oleracea " ( cabbage , cauliflower ... ) , " Brassica rapa " ( turnip , Chinese cabbage ... ) , " Brassica napus " ( rapeseed ... ) , " Raphanus sativus " ( common radish ) , " Armoracia rusticana " ( horseradish ) , " Matthiola"(stock ) , " Arabidopsis thaliana " ( model genetic organism ) and many others . 
The structure of the " 'flowers is extremely uniform throughout the family . 
They have six stamens , four of which are longer ( as long as the petals , so relatively short in fact ) and are arranged in a cross like the petals and the other two are shorter ( " 'tetradynamous flower ) . 
The flowers form ebracteate racemose inflorescences , often apically corymb-like . 
Some examples of cruciferous food plants are the cabbage , broccoli , cauliflower , turnip , rapeseed , mustard , radish , horseradish , cress and watercress . 
" Matthiola " ( stock ) , " Cheiranthus " , " Alyssum " and " Iberis " ( candytufts ) are appreciated for their flowers . 
" Arabidopsis thaliana " is arguably the most important model organism in the study of the flowering plants ( Angiospermae ) . 
Another early version of the game was recorded in the 1850s in the southern Indian city of Tanjore , called " pooppanthu vilayattam " ( Tamil for " flower-ball game " ) in which balls made of wool and cardboard were used in the place of the modern-day shuttlecock . 
The musical theme predominantly used on British Airways advertising is " Flower Duet " by Léo Delibes . 
However , " Flower Duet " is still used by the airline , and has been through several different arrangements since 1989. The most recent was introduced in 2007 , along with the current advertising slogan , " Upgrade to British Airways " . 
In a letter to Bishop Maximilian of Syracuse , Gregory states his intention for his " Dialogues " , saying they are a kind of " floretum " ( an " anthology " , literally , âflowersâ ) of the most striking miracles of Italian holy men . 
His paternal ancestors , Thomas Prence and Patience Brewster , were born in England and immigrated to the U. S. in the 17th century ; Brewster 's family came over on the " Mayflower " . 
Colossus was designed and built by Tommy Flowers and his team at the Post Office Research Station at Dollis Hill . 
The Kurdish biologist Al-Dinawari ( 828-896 ) is considered the founder of Arabic botany for his " Book of Plants " , in which he described at least 637 plants and discussed plant evolution from its birth to its death , describing the phases of plant growth and the production of flowers and fruit . 
In 1998 the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group published a phylogeny of flowering plants based on an analysis of DNA sequences from most families of flowering plants . 
Though Charlton was a candidate to go in goal to replace Wood ( in the days before substitutes , and certainly before goalkeeping substitutes ) , it was team-mate Jackie Blanchflower who ended up between the posts . 
Gregg returned to the plane to try to help the appallingly injured Busby and Blanchflower and when he turned around again , he was relieved to see that Charlton and Viollet , both of whom he had presumed to be dead , had got out of their detached seats and were looking into the wreckage . 
The deeply scarred and cauliflower eared figure of the Boxer of Quirinal show what a brutal sport it could be ( matches often ending in the death or maiming of an opponent ) . 
The practice of decorating the May Bush or " Dos Bhealtaine " with flowers , ribbons , garlands and colored egg shells has survived to some extent among the diaspora as well , most notably in Newfoundland , and in some Easter traditions observed on the East Coast of the United States . 
Making use of the musical tritone , also known as " The Devil 's Interval " , the song 's ominous sound and dark lyrics pushed the band in a darker direction , a stark contrast to the popular music of the late 1960s , which was dominated by flower power , folk music , and hippie culture . 
The first complete record played on Radio 1 was " Flowers in the Rain " by The Move ( although technically the first music played was " Theme One " by George Martin leading into part of " Beefeaters ( On Parade ) " by Johnny Dankworth , Blackburn 's signature tune carried over from pirate radio ) . 
There has been some speculation that the inclusion of " Flowers in the Rain " was intended to signal the end of the " flower power " " Summer of Love " of 1967. The breakfast show remains the most prized slot in the Radio 1 schedule , with every change of breakfast show presenter exciting considerable media interest . 
While a whirlpool functions through the use of centrifugal forces , a hopback uses a layer of fresh hop flowers in a confined space to act as a filter bed to remove trub ( pronounced tr-oo-b , tr-uh-b in the UK ) . 
Furthermore , while a whirlpool is only useful for the removal of pelleted hops ( as flowers do n't tend to separate as easily ) , hopbacks are generally used only for the removal of whole flower hops ( as the particles left by pellets tend to make it through the hopback . 
With the new contract , the band appeared rejuvenated , releasing the album " Sunflower " to critical acclaim . 
The band experienced their worst chart performance ever , not even making the top 100. After " Sunflower " , the band hired Jack Rieley as their manager . 
Potatoes , tomatos , rice , tobacco , lettuce , safflowers , and other plants have been genetically-engineered to produce insulin and certain vaccines . 
For example , Calgary , Canada-based reports that its safflower-produced insulin will reduce unit costs by over 25 % or more and approximates a reduction in the capital costs associated with building a commercial-scale insulin manufacturing facility of over $100 million , compared to traditional biomanufacturing facilities . 
There are about 15,000 species of flowering plants with 3,000 species of trees ( 267 species are dipterocarps ) , 221 species of terrestrial mammals and 420 species of resident birds in Borneo ( MacKinnon et al . 
They are found on every continent except Antarctica , in every habitat on the planet that contains insect-pollinated flowering plants . 
Bees have a long proboscis ( a complex " tongue " ) that enables them to obtain the nectar from flowers . 
Bees play an important role in pollinating flowering plants , and are the major type of pollinator in ecosystems that contain flowering plants . 
Visiting flowers can be a dangerous occupation . 
Many assassin bugs and crab spiders hide in flowers to capture unwary bees . 
The switch from insect prey to pollen may have resulted from the consumption of prey insects that were flower visitors and were partially covered with pollen when they were fed to the wasp larvae . 
The earliest animal-pollinated flowers were pollinated by insects such as beetles , so the syndrome of insect pollination was well established before bees first appeared . 
There is , however , a pronounced tendency for oligolectic bees to be associated with common , widespread plants which are visited by multiple pollinators ( e. g. , there are some 40 oligoleges associated with creosotebush in the US desert southwest , and a similar pattern is seen in sunflowers , asters , mesquite , etc. ) Solitary bees create nests in hollow reeds or twigs , holes in wood , or , most commonly , in tunnels in the ground . 
Many are pollinators of flowers that themselves are crepuscular , such as evening primroses , and some live in desert habitats where daytime temperatures are extremely high . 
Bats perform a vital ecological role by pollinating flowers , and also serve an important role in seed dispersal . 
This is beneficial to them in terms of pollination and feeding - their long narrow tongues can reach deep into the long cup shape of some flowers . 
A number of music notables sent flowers , including : George Thorogood , Tom Petty , and Jerry Lee Lewis . 
" During production of Chaplin 's film " City Lights " in 1929-30 , Hale , who by then was Chaplin 's closest companion , was called in to replace Virginia Cherrill as the flower girl . 
For example , it can be used to calculate the amount of area taken up by an irregularly shaped flower bed or swimming pool when designing the layout of a piece of property . 
Colombia is also known as the world 's leading source of emeralds , while over 70 % of cut flowers imported by the United States are Colombian . 
Tourists are also drawn to Colombia 's numerous festivals , including Medellín 's Festival of the Flowers , the Barranquilla Carnival , the Carnival of Blacks and Whites in Pasto and the Ibero-American Theater Festival in Bogotá . 
Prominent examples of Colombia 's festivals include the Barranquilla Carnival , the Carnival of Blacks and Whites , Medellín 's Festival of the Flowers and Bogotá 's Ibero-American Theater Festival The mixing of various different ethnic traditions is reflected in Colombia 's music and dance . 
Successors to ASCII have included 8-bit characters ( for letters of European languages and such things as card suit symbols ) , and in fullest flowering have included characters from essentially all of the world 's writing systems ( see Unicode and UTF-8 ) . 
They have the dental formula : Cheirogaleids are omnivores , eating fruits , flowers and leaves ( and sometimes nectar ) as well as insects , spiders and small vertebrates . 
In some portraits of Linnaeus , including three with this article , he is shown bearing a sprig of Twinflower , one of his favorite plants , named in his honor in his lifetime , by Jan Frederik Gronovius ( 1686-1762 ) , Dutch botanist notable as a patron of Linnaeus , as " Linnaea borealis " . 
The backside of the note shows a bee pollinating a flower created using a photo by Lennart Nilsson , with a background showing stylized images of the fertilisation of flowers , along with a reconstruction of how a flower appears through the multi-faceted eyes of a fly . 
Common vegetables such as cabbage , kale , broccoli , cauliflower , kohlrabi and Brussels sprouts are all descendants of the wild cabbage plant . 
Broccoli was bred by selecting for large flower stalks . 
His reign and the era it ushered in are often referred to as the Carolingian Renaissance because of the flowering of scholarship , literature , art , and architecture which characterise it . 
Commonly used fats and oils include butter ; olive oil ; vegetable oils such as sunflower oil , corn oil , and safflower oil ; animal fats such as lard , schmaltz , and beef fat ( both dripping and tallow ) ; and seed oils such as rapeseed oil ( Canola or mustard oil ) , sesame oil , soybean oil , and peanut oil . 
Other materials used are pearl cotton , Danish flower thread , silk and Rayon . 
The small white flowers form small umbels , 2.5-5cm across . 
The leaves are hollow tubular , up to 50 cm long , and 2-3 mm in diameter , with a soft texture , although , prior to the emergence of a flower from a leaf , it may appear stiffer than usual . 
The flowers are pale purple , star-shaped with six tepals , 1-2 cm wide , and produced in a dense inflorescence of 10-30 together ; before opening , the inflorescence is surrounded by a papery bract . 
The herb flowers from April to May in the southern parts of its habitat zones and in June in the northern parts . 
There have been significant differences among specimens : one example was found in northern Maine growing solitary , instead of in clumps , also exhibiting dingy grey flowers . 
Albeit repulsive to insects in general , due to its sulfur compounds , its flowers are attractive to bees , and it is sometimes kept to increase desired insect life . 
The flowers may also be used to garnish dishes . 
Retzius also describes how farmers would plant chives between the rocks making up the borders of their flowerbeds , to keep the plants free from pests ( such as Japanese beetles ) . 
Its flowers are attractive to bees , which are important for gardens with an abundance of plants in need of pollination . 
Chives are cultivated both for its culinary uses as well as its ornamental value ; the violet flowers are often used in ornamental dry bouquets . 
Commelinales is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants . 
" 'Cyperales " ' is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
The Cucurbitales are an order of flowering plants , included in the rosid group of dicotyledons . 
One of major characteristics of the Cucurbitales is the presence of unisexual flowers , mostly pentacyclic , with thick pointed petals ( whenever present ) ( Matthews and Endress , 2004 ) . 
The national flower is the copihue ( " Lapageria rosea " , Chilean bellflower ) , which grows in the woods of southern Chile . 
) agriculture 2.7 % , industry 32.8 % , services 64.5 % ( 2004 ) Household income or consumption by percentage share : Distribution of family income - Gini index : $19.2 billion ( 104.5 billion Kuna)2007 ( official figure ) projected for 2008 - 115.2 billion Kuna ( 21.95 billion USD ) $19.75 billion , ( 108.6 billion Kuna ) 2007(official figure ) projected 3doe 2008 - 120.5 billion Kuna ( 22.9 billion USD ) wheat , corn , sugar beets , sunflower seed , barley , alfalfa , clover , olives , citrus , grapes , soybeans , potatoes ; livestock , dairy products chemicals and plastics , machine tools , fabricated metal , electronics , pig iron and rolled steel products , aluminium , paper , wood products , construction materials , textiles , shipbuilding , petroleum and petroleum refining , food and beverages ; tourism 69.14 million barrel ( 1 January 2006 ) 1.477 billion cu m ( 2005 est . 
Common vegetable preparations include potatoes in olive oil and parsley , pickled cauliflower and beets , asparagus and " kolokassi " . 
At the same time , new groups of mammals and birds as well as flowering plants appeared . 
Flowering plants ( angiosperms ) spread during this period , although they did not become predominant until the Campanian stage near the end of the epoch . 
But serious black comedies ( also known as dramatic comedies or dramedies ) were performing also well , such as " The Weather Man " , " Broken Flowers " and " Shopgirl " . 
After the shock of the Battle of Adrianople in 378 , in which the emperor Valens with the flower of the Roman armies was destroyed by the Visigoths within a few days ' march , the city looked to its defenses , and Theodosius II built in 413â414 the 18 metre ( 60ft ) tall triple-wall fortifications which were never to be breached until the coming of gunpowder . 
This is home to rare plants , such as the Cornish Heath , which has been adopted as the county flower . 
While some ( " The Famous Flower of Serving-Men " ) merely need to move about freely , many do it specifically in pursuit of a lover ( " Rose Red and the White Lily " or " Child Waters " ) and consequently pregnancy often complicates the disguise . 
In one case , in the early 1940s , Don Flowers ' " Modest Maidens " was so admired by William Randolph Hearst that he lured Flowers away from the Associated Press and to King Features Syndicate by doubling the cartoonist 's salary , and renamed the feature " Glamor Girls " to avoid legal action by the AP . 
The latter continued to publish " Modest Maidens " , drawn by Jay Allen in Flowers ' style . 
" Nepeta " is a genus of about 250 species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae . 
The flowers are white , blue , pink or lilac and occur in several clusters toward the tip of the stems . 
The flowers are tubular and spotted with tiny purple dots . 
Cumin " ( Cuminum cyminum " , UK : or , US : , sometimes spelled cummin ) is a flowering plant in the family Apiaceae , native from the east Mediterranean to East India . 
The flowers are small , white or pink , and borne in umbels . 
Insect damage to the fossilized leaves of flowering plants from fourteen sites in North America were used as a proxy for insect diversity across the KâT boundary and analyzed to determine the rate of extinction . 
At the same time his works , in particular his book of poetry " Les Fleurs du mal " ( " The Flowers of Evil " ) , have been acknowledged as classics of French literature . 
" The Flowers of Evil " . 
Baudelaire was a slow and fastidious worker , often sidetracked by indolence , emotional distress and illness , and it was not until 1857 that he published his first and most famous volume of poems , " Les Fleurs du mal " ( " The Flowers of Evil " ) , originally titled " Les Limbes " . 
Each civilian tile also has a Chinese name ( and common rough translation to English ) : The 6-6 is " tin " ( å heaven ) , 1-1 is " dei " ( å earth ) , 4-4 is " yan " ( ä man ) , 1-3 is " ngo " ( é goose or å harmony ) , 5-5 is " mui " ( æ plum flower ) , 3-3 is " cheung " ( é long ) , 2-2 is " ban " ( æ board ) , 5-6 is " fu " ( æ hatchet ) , 4-6 is " ping " ( å partition ) , 1-6 is " tsat " ( ä ) ( long leg seven ) , and 1-5 is " luk " ( å ) ( big head six ) . 
The Cenozoic is just as much the age of savannas , or the age of co-dependent flowering plants and insects . 
The original idea of his then Minister of Finance , Rudolf Hommes , was that the country should import agricultural products in which it was not competitive , like maize , wheat , cotton and soybeans and export the ones in which it had an advantage , like fruits and flowers . 
) Agriculture - products ( Main article : Agriculture in Colombia ) : Colombian coffee , cut flowers , bananas , rice , tobacco , corn , sugarcane , cocoa beans , oilseed , vegetables ; forest products ; shrimp textiles , food processing , oil , clothing and footwear , beverages , chemicals , cement ; gold , coal , emeralds 6.18 billion cu m ( 2004 est . 
) petroleum , coffee , coal , nickel , emeralds , apparel , bananas , cut flowers Exports - partners : US 41.8 % , Venezuela 9.9 % , Ecuador 6.3 % ( 2005 ) industrial equipment , transportation equipment , consumer goods , chemicals , paper products , fuels , electricity US 28.5 % , Mexico 8.3 % , China 7.6 % , Brazil 6.5 % , Venezuela 5.7 % ( 2005 ) Reserves of foreign exchange and gold : $37.21 billion ( 30 June 2006 est . 
Colombia 's major exports continue to be petroleum , coffee , coal , nickel , gold and nontraditional exports ( e. g. , cut flowers , semiprecious stones , sugar , and tropical fruits ) . 
The temperate regions -- between 1,000 and 2,000 meters -- are better suited for coffee ; certain flowers ; maize and other vegetables ; and fruits such as citrus , pears , pineapples , and tomatoes . 
The cooler elevations -- between 2,000 and 3,000 meter -- produce wheat , barley , potatoes , cold-climate vegetables , flowers , dairy cattle , and poultry . 
Gags can also refer to the prop stunts/ tricks or the stunts that clowns use , such as a squirting flower . 
Among the more well-known clown stunts are : squirting flower ; the " too-many-clowns-coming-out-of-a-tiny-car " stunt ; doing just about anything with a rubber chicken , tripping over ones own feet ( or an air pocket or imaginary blemish in the floor ) , or riding any number of ridiculous vehicles or " clown bikes " . 
" Coffea " ( coffee ) is a large genus ( containing more than 90 species ) of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae . 
Some Church members have formed a number of unofficial support organizations , including Evergreen International , North Star , Disciples2 , Wildflowers , Family Fellowship , GLYA ( Gay LDS Young Adults ) , LDS Reconciliation , Gamofites and the Guardrail foundation . 
The description of " moly " fits the snowdrop , a flower of the region that produces secondary metabolites that can counteract anticholinergics . 
Aside from all sorts of small shipments for all kinds of businesses such products as cream , butter , poultry , and eggs were handled along with fresh flowers , fish and other sea foods some handled in separate refrigerated cars . 
As an example , consider the function " h"("t " ) which describes the height of a growing flower at time " t " . 
While Grace was watering flowers outside the school one day in 1903 , she happened to look up at the open window of Robert N. Weir 's boardinghouse and caught a glimpse of Calvin Coolidge shaving in front of a mirror with nothing on but long underwear and a hat . 
Colossus was designed by engineer Tommy Flowers with input from Allen Coombs , Sid Broadhurst and Bill Chandler at the Post Office Research Station , Dollis Hill to solve a problem posed by mathematician Max Newman at Bletchley Park . 
Tommy Flowers of the Post Office Research Station at Dollis Hill was called in to look into the design of the Robinsonâs combining unit . 
Flowers , however , persisted with the idea and obtained support from the Director of the Research Station . 
Tommy Flowers spent eleven months ( early February 1943 to early January 1944 ) designing and building Colossus at the Post Office Research Station , Dollis Hill , in northwest London . 
Allen Coombs took over leadership of the Colossus Mark 2 project when Tommy Flowers moved on to other projects . 
Tommy Flowers tested the tape reader up to 9,700 characters per second ( 60 mph ) before the tape disintegrated . 
Thus , Colossus could not be included in the history of computing hardware for many years , and Flowers and his associates also were deprived of the recognition they were due . 
Brian Randell later wrote that : Colossus documentation and hardware were classified from the moment of their creation and remained so after the War , when Winston Churchill specifically ordered the destruction of most of the Colossus machines into 'pieces no bigger than a man 's hand ' ; Tommy Flowers personally burned blueprints in a furnace at Dollis Hill . 
Brown was studying orchids microscopically when he observed an opaque area , which he called the areola or nucleus , in the cells of the flower 's outer layer . 
In 2002 , the conservation charity Plantlife unofficially designated Cambridgeshire 's county flower as the Pasqueflower . 
Many species have large , yellow or white flowers . 
The flowers are unisexual , with male and female flowers usually on different plants ( dioecious ) , or less common on the same plant ( monoecious ) . 
The female flowers have inferior ovaries . 
In most flowering plants , chloroplasts are not inherited from the male parent , although in plants such as pines , chloroplasts are inherited from males . 
These cabins are all named after various trees , plants , and flowers . 
This was the first galaxy recognised as having a spiral structure , this structure being first observed by Lord Rosse in 1845. Other notable spiral galaxies in Canes Venatici are the Sunflower Galaxy ( M63 , NGC 5055 ) , Messier 94 ( NGC 4736 ) , and Messier 106 ( NGC 4258 ) . 
In the Chinese case , this prediction came soon true , with the unorthodox outcomes of the âHundred Flowersâ episode of 1957. More generally , one would hence be led to expect that â far from being temporary â thought coercion would have to become a " stable " feature of society , in order to produce any long-lasting result . 
She also makes reference to the story of Troy when mentioning to Lex Luthor , who had brought her a bunch of flowers , that " It was the Greeks who also brought gifts . 
The flowers are creamy-white , 2-3mm diameter , produced in dense compound umbels . 
However , Carthage priests demanded the flower of their youth in times of crisis or calamity like war , drought or famine . 
He was the most important northern European sculptor of his age and is considered a pioneer of the " northern realism " of the Early Netherlandish painting that came into full flower with the work of Jan van Eyck and others in the next generation . 
Winter varieties do not flower until springtime because they require vernalization : exposure to low temperature for a genetically determined length of time . 
Trees are mainly oak , maple , and hickory ; common understory trees include Eastern Redbud , Serviceberry , and Flowering Dogwood . 
They are known for their distinctive flowers , generally bell-shaped , with each petal modified into an elongated nectar spur . 
Several species are grown in gardens , including the European Columbine ( " A. vulgaris " ) , a traditional garden flower in many parts of the world . 
The flowers of various species of " Aquilegia " were consumed in moderation by Native Americans as a condiment with other fresh greens , and are reported to be very sweet , and safe if consumed in small quantities . 
The Colorado Blue Columbine ( " A. caerulea " ) is the official state flower of Colorado ( " see also " Columbine , Colorado ) . 
Such a " pollination syndrome " , being due to flower genetics , ensures reproductive isolation and can be a cause underlying speciation . 
Pliny tells that the wool of Colossae gave its name ( " colossinus " ) to the colour of the cyclamen flower . 
The Chrysler brand began using a medallion based on its original logo starting with the 1995 Cirrus and Sebring , and this logo was applied to all Chryslers by 1996. That same year , Plymouth adopted a new sailboat logo , which was a simplified version of the brand 's pre-Pentastar Mayflower ship logo . 
Subtle energy is explored through practices such as aromatherapy , mantras , Reiki , hands-on healing , flower essences , radionics , sound therapy , light therapy , and crystal/ gem therapy , to name a few . 
They are visualized as lotuses/ flowers with a different number of petals in every chakra . 
Anahata is symbolised by a lotus flower with twelve petals . 
In 1809 Latrobe invented a second American order , employing magnolia flowers contrained within the profile of classical mouldings , as his drawing demonstrates . 
Elisa Bermejo , however , considers the flower as an attribute related to the sitter 's very young age . 
Her tomb in Peterborough Cathedral can be seen and there is hardly ever a time when it is not decorated with flowers or pomegranates , her heraldic symbol . 
" A few months later he was performing hack-work for the highly successful Giuseppe Cesari , Pope Clement VIII 's favourite painter , " painting flowers and fruit " in his factory-like workshop . 
On their return to the north this trend had a short-lived but influential flowering in the 1620s among painters like Hendrick ter Brugghen , Gerrit van Honthorst , Andries Both and Dirck van Baburen . 
The flowers are dark pink , with very distinct " reflexed " petals , leaving the style and stamens fully exposed and pointing forward . 
These differ in having stouter , woodier stems forming taller shrubs , and in the bell-shaped flowers , the petals not being reflexed . 
The name cranberry derives from " craneberry " , first named by early European settlers in America who felt the expanding flower , stem , calyx , and petals resembled the neck , head , and bill of a crane . 
Movies : " Mayflower Madam " ( 1986 ) , " Love , Lies and Murder " ( 1991 ) , " The Stepford Husbands " ( 1996 ) . 
The National Flower of the Cook Islands is the Tiare mori or Tiale moli ( " Penrhyn , Nassau , Pukapuka " ) . 
On Valentine 's Day , a box of chocolate is given , usually with flowers and a greeting card . 
( Flowers are not usually placed on graves in the Orthodox Jewish tradition . 
The other deities were angry at what the two had done and decided , as compensation for her dismemberment , to allow her to provide the necessities for people to survive ; so from her hair they created trees , grass , and flowers ; caves , fountains , and wells from her eyes ; rivers from her mouth ; hills and valleys from her nose ; and mountains from her shoulders . 
The Right-Handed Twin created gentle hills , beautiful smelling flowers , quiet brooks , butterflies and numerous creatures , plants and earth formations . 
A referendum for a further local government reform connected with an elected regional assembly was planned for 2004 , but was abandoned - see Northern England referendum , 2004. As part of a 2002 marketing campaign , the plant conservation charity Plantlife chose the cuckooflower as the county flower . 
It is interesting to note that , although Chaucer had a powerful influence in poetic and artistic terms , which can be seen in the great number of forgeries and mistaken attributions ( such as The Flower and the Leaf which was translated by John Dryden ) , modern English spelling and orthography owes much more to the innovations made by the Court of Chancery in the decades during and after his lifetime . 
In that period , the guilds started erecting Christmas trees in front of their guildhalls : Ingeborg Weber-Kellermann ( Marburg professor of European ethnology ) found a Bremen guild chronicle of 1570 which reports how a small fir was decorated with apples , nuts , dates , pretzels and paper flowers , and erected in the guild-house , for the benefit of the guild members ' children , who collected the dainties on Christmas Day . 
In New Zealand , PMhutukawa trees are described as " natural Christmas trees " , as they bloom at Christmas time , and look like Christmas trees with their red flowers and green foliage . 
Cactus flowers are large , and like the spines and branches arise from areoles . 
The flowers , mostly radially symmetrical and hermaphrodite , bloom either by day or by night , depending on species . 
The life of a cactus is seldom longer than 300 years , and there are cacti , which live only 25 years ( although these flower as early as their second year ) . 
The " mother-in-law 's cushion " ( " Echinocactus grusonii " ) reaches a height of 2.5 meters and a diameter of 1 meter and - at least on the Canaries - is already capable of flowering after 6 years . 
The diameter of cactus flowers ranges from 5 to 30cm ; the colors are often conspicuous and spectacular . 
Some cactus flowers form long tubes ( up to 30 centimetres ) so that only moths can reach the nectar and therefore pollinate the blossoms . 
The duration of flowering is very variable . 
Many flowers , for example those of " Selenicereus grandiflorus " ( " Queen of the Night " ) are only fully open for two hours at night . 
Other cacti flower for a whole week . 
Fraileas only opens their flowers completely in exceptional circumstances ; they mostly pollinate themselves or others with their flowers closed ( " cleistogamy " ) . 
The flower itself has also undergone a further development : the ovary tends to become a completely protected area , protected by thorns , hairs and scales . 
In 1995 , she and partner Nancy Juvonen formed the production company Flower Films , with its first production the 1999 Barrymore film " Never Been Kissed " . 
Flower Films has gone on to produce the Barrymore vehicle films " Charlie 's Angels " , " 50 First Dates " , and " Music and Lyrics " , as well as the cult film " Donnie Darko " . 
Besides a number of appearances in films produced by her company , Flower Films , including " Charlie 's Angels " , Barrymore had a dramatic role in the comedy/ drama " Riding in Cars with Boys " ( 2001 ) , playing a teenage mother in a failed marriage with the drug-addicted father ( based on the real-life story of Beverly D'Onofrio ) . 
Flower Films . 
In 1995 , Barrymore formed Flower Films , a production company , with business partner Nancy Juvonen . 
When the production of Richard Kelly 's debut film , " Donnie Darko " , was threatened , Barrymore stepped forward with financing from Flower Films and took the small role of Karen Pomeroy , the title character 's English teacher . 
In 2003 , she reprised her role as Dylan Sanders in ' , was nominated for an Emmy Award for her performance in " Olive , the Other Reindeer " and appeared with Ben Stiller in " Duplex " in 2003. Flower Films produced " 50 First Dates " with co-star Adam Sandler 's Happy Madison company in 2004. Summing up Barrymore 's appeal , Roger Ebert , in his review of " 50 First Dates " , described Barrymore as having a " smiling , coy sincerity " , describing the film as " ingratiating and lovable " . 
Van Helsing epitomizes this struggle because he uses , at the time , extremely modern technologies like blood transfusions ; but he is not so modern as to eschew the idea that a demonic being could be causing Lucy 's illness : he spreads garlic around the sashes and doors of her room and makes her wear a garlic flower necklace . 
The flowers are white to yellow , in small umbels diameter . 
Like caraway , its fernlike leaves are aromatic , and are used to flavor many foods , such as gravlax ( cured salmon ) , borscht and other soups , and pickles ( where sometimes the dill flower is used ) . 
The seed is harvested by cutting the flower heads off the stalks when the seed is beginning to ripen . 
Dioscoreales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
The national flower is that of the West Indian Mahogany ( " Swietenia mahagoni " ) . 
Fincher directed big budget music videos for artists such as Madonna ( including " Express Yourself " , " Vogue " , " Oh Father " and " Bad Girl " ) , Billy Idol ( " Cradle of Love " ) , Paula Abdul ( including " ( It 's Just ) The Way That You Love Me " , " Straight Up " , " Forever Your Girl " and " Cold Hearted " ) , Aerosmith ( " Janie 's Got a Gun " ) , The Rolling Stones ( including " Love Is Strong " ) , Nine Inch Nails ( " Only " ) , A Perfect Circle ( " Judith " ) , Jody Watley , Rick Springfield , Steve Winwood , George Michael , Michael Jackson , The Wallflowers , Wire Train and The Outfield . 
The scientific name means " finger-like " and refers to the ease with which a flower of " Digitalis purpurea " can be fitted over a human fingertip . 
The flowers are produced on a tall spike , are tubular , and vary in colour with species , from purple to pink , white , and yellow . 
It is a biennial , often grown as an ornamental plant due to its showy flowers , that range in colour from purples through to whites , with variable marks and spotting . 
The larvae of the Foxglove Pug feed on the flowers of " Digitalis purpurea " . 
Digoxigenin ( DIG ) is a steroid found exclusively in the flowers and leaves of the plants " Digitalis purpurea " and " Digitalis lanata " . 
The Dipsacales are an order of flowering plants , included within the asterid group of dicotyledons . 
December 's flower is the narcissus or holly . 
Together , Dennis , Curly and Pie-Face battle the " 'Softies , a group of children who enjoy things such as teddy bears , dolls and flowers . 
However , according to legend , the publication of his poem " Hymn to the Pillory " caused his audience at the pillory to throw flowers instead of the customary harmful and noxious objects , and to drink to his health . 
She had been picking flowers , and the ground split and she was taken in by Hades . 
Small pot stills are also sold for the domestic production of flower water or essential oils . 
Steam distillation of various aromatic herbs and flowers can result in two products ; an essential oil as well as a watery herbal distillate . 
The painters also produced pictures showing historic events , flower paintings , portraits for patrons and the court , and decorative pieces of art . 
In the Mid Cretaceous , the flowering angiosperm plants became a major part of terrestrial ecosystems , which had previous been dominated by gymnosperms such as conifers . 
A major change in the Early Cretaceous , which would be amplified in the Late Cretaceous , was the evolution of flowering plants . 
Flowering plants were greatly radiating , with the first grasses appearing by the end of the Cretaceous . 
" ( 2008 ) noted that , in the Mid Cretaceous , the flowering angiosperm plants became a major part of terrestrial ecosystems , which had previously been dominated by gymnosperms such as conifers . 
They rested a while before setting off on their journey in the " Mayflower " and the " Speedwell " on the 20 August 1620. About 300 miles west of Land 's End , they realised that the " Speedwell " was unseaworthy and returned to Plymouth . 
The " Mayflower " departed alone to complete the crossing to Cape Cod . 
Instead they are a special type of decorative sprite inserted into the world , similar to the breakable cameras , flowerpots , and lights . 
The Eastern Market farmer 's distribution center is the largest open-air flowerbed market in the United States and has more than 150 foods and specialty businesses . 
The CD featured such classics as John Lennon 's " Imagine , " Cat Stevens ' " Where Do The Children Play , " Tommy James ' " Crimson & Clover , " and Pete Seeger 's anti-war song " Where Have All The Flowers Gone . 
" 'Datura " is a genus of nine species of vespertine flowering plants belonging to the family Solanaceae . 
This genus differs in being woody , making shrubs or small trees , and in having pendulous flowers . 
The flowers are erect or spreading ( not pendulous like those of the closely allied Brugmansiae ) , trumpet-shaped , 5-20 cm long and 4-12 cm broad at the mouth ; colors vary from white to yellow , pink , and pale purple . 
Common names include Thorn Apple ( from the spiny fruit ) , Pricklyburr ( similarly ) , Jimson Weed , Moonflower , Hell 's Bells , Devil 's Weed , Devil 's Cucumber , and Devil 's Trumpet , ( from their large trumpet-shaped flowers ) . 
For example , " Datura " have the interesting property of being able to change size of plant , size of leaf , and size of flowers , all depending on location . 
The same species , when growing in a half-shady damp location can develop into a magnificent flowering bush half as tall as a man , but when growing in a very dry location will only grow into a thin little plant just higher than his ankles , with tiny flowers and a few miniature leaves . 
All " Datura " plants contain tropane alkaloids such as scopolamine , hyoscyamine , and atropine , primarily in their seeds and flowers . 
In Ovid 's version of the story , Dryope was wandering by a lake , suckling her baby Amphissus , when she saw the bright red flowers of the lotus tree , formerly the nymph Lotis who , when fleeing from Priapus , had been changed into a tree . 
She had just enough time to warn her husband to take care of their child and make sure that he did not pick flowers . 
It is home to the yearly held Damascus Flower Show . 
His grave is adorned with a bench that contains friezes of a baseball and bat , an aircraft , a piano , a flower pot , musical notes , and a glove . 
Donald and Daisy are out on a date when a flower pot falls on his head . 
She narrates her story to a psychologist who determines that Donald would regain his memory with another flower pot falling on his head , but warns that his improved voice may also be lost along with his singing career . 
Most species breed in various kinds of decaying plant and fungal material , including fruit , bark , slime fluxes , flowers , and mushrooms . 
Other characters in the Rincewind story arc include : Cohen the Barbarian , an aging hero of the old fantasy tradition , out of touch with the modern world and still fighting despite his advanced age ; Twoflower , a naive tourist from the Agatean Empire ( the Discworld 's equivalent of China ) ; and The Luggage , a magical , semi-sentient and exceptionally vicious multi-legged travelling accessory . 
They were very poor , and to supplement their income Bella made imitation flowers out of celluloid and paper . 
She also acquired several tattoos , including a dove on the back of her left shoulder , a winged fairy and a star above her groin , and flowers on her feet . 
The Mosquito squadrons of 100 Group used several different marks of Mosquitoes for different purposes : N. F XIXs and NF 30s were used for dedicated night fighter operations providing escort for the bomber streams ; F. Mk IIs and FB Mk VIs were used for " Flower " ( patrolling enemy airfields well ahead of the bomber stream and dropping bombs to keep enemy night fighters on the ground as well as attacking night fighters in the landing pattern ) and " Mahmoud " operations ( " Mahmouds " were mounted independently of Bomber Command activity whereby Mosquitoes flew to known assembly points for German night fighters ( usually visual or radio beacons ) and attacked any in the area ) ; B Mk IVs and P. R Mk XVIs were used for Electronic Intelligence ( ELINT ) operations , using special equipment to detect and identify German radar and radio transmissions . 
Participants sell a range of fruits and vegetables , baked goods , dairy and meat products ( often from certified organic farms ) , crafts , and plants and flowers . 
The Center blooms with thousands of flowers year-round . 
Selection against interbreeding with the metal-sensitive parental population produces a change in flowering time of the metal-resistant plants , causing reproductive isolation . 
The Renaissance spread across Europe between the 14th and 16th centuries : it saw the flowering of art , philosophy , music , and the sciences , under the joint patronage of royalty , the nobility , the Roman Catholic Church , and an emerging merchant class . 
The early years of the 19th century saw a flowering of encyclopedia publishing in the United Kingdom , Europe and America . 
Their diet is at least 50 % grasses , supplemented with leaves , bamboo , twigs , bark , roots , and small amounts of fruits , seeds and flowers . 
In this stanza on the flower Curcuma ( also Flax and Tumeric ) the " youths " are infertile , and he devotes the footnote to other examples of neutered organs in flowers , insect castes , and finally associates this more broadly with many popular and well-known cases of vestigal organs ( male nipples , the third and fourth wings of flies , etc. ) 65 Woo 'd with long care , CURCUMA cold and shy Meets her fond husband with averted eye : " Four " beardless youths the obdurate beauty move With soft attentions of Platonic love . 
One male and one female inhabit this flower ; but there are besides four imperfect males , or filaments without anthers upon them , called by Linneus eunuchs . 
In like manner the florets , which form the rays of the flowers of the order frustraneous polygamy of the class syngenesia , or confederate males , as the sun-flower , are furnished with a style only , and no stigma : and are thence barren . 
There is also a style without a stigma in the whole order dioecia gynandria ; the male flowers of which are thence barren . 
The Opulus is another plant , which contains some unprolific flowers . 
exult in youthful prime , Mark with bright curves the printless steps of Time ; Near and more near your beamy cars approach , And lessening orbs on lessening orbs encroach ; - Flowers of the sky ! 
In addition , England produced numerous scientists and inventors such as Richard Arkwright , who invented the first industrial spinning machine , while Charles Babbage was the 19th century inventor of the first computer ; Alan Turing and Tommy Flowers invented the modern computer , and many of its associated concepts and initial technologies . 
" 'Eriocaulales " ' is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants . 
Many Ericales species are cultivated for their showy flowers : well-known examples are azalea , rhododendron , camellia , polyanthus , cyclamen , phlox , and busy Lizzie . 
Often a congregation 's worship space is decorated with special banners and flowers ( such as Easter lilies ) . 
In addition , it has rich agriculture : bananas , flowers , coffee , cacao , sugar , tropical fruits , palm oil , palm hearts , rice , and corn . 
The central belt of Ecuador that includes the Andes Mountains , inland from the coast ; with volcanoes and mountain peaks that sport year-round snow on the equator ; many areas long since deforested by agriculture ; a number of cut-flower growing operations ; at a certain altitude zone may be found cloud forests . 
Exports of nontraditional products such as flowers ( $291 million in 2002 ) and canned fish ( $333 million in 2002 ) have grown in recent years . 
Increasingly , a few modern techniques are applied to producing fruits , vegetables and flowers , in addition to cotton , for export . 
Loroco is a vine flower bud native to Central America . 
More recently , fish , flowers , salt , and textiles have joined the list of exports , and Sudan is no longer a major trading partner . 
Exports are almost entirely agricultural commodities , with coffee as the largest foreign exchange earner , and its flower industry becoming a new source of revenue : for 2005/ 2006 ( the latest year available ) Ethiopia 's coffee exports represented 0.9 % of the world exports , and oilseeds and flowers each representing 0.5 % . 
Lorenz 's collaborator , Niko Tinbergen , argued that ethology always needed to pay attention to four kinds of explanation in any instance of behaviour : Flowering . 
( Old Burma-Shave jingle : " If daisies are your favorite flower , keep pushinâ up those miles per hour ! 
The Ericaceae family consists of herbs , shrubs and trees with leaves that are usually alternate , simple and without stipules , and hermaphrodite flowers . 
The flowers show considerable variability . 
The corollas are usually radially symmetrical ( actinomorphic ) but many flowers of the genus " Rhododendron " are somewhat bilaterally symmetrical ( zygomorphic ) . 
The traditional county flower of Essex is the cowslip , locally known as the paigle or peggle , and frequently mentioned in the writings of Essex bucolic authors such as Samuel Bensusan and C. H. Warren . 
As part of a 2002 marketing campaign , the plant conservation charity Plantlife chose the Common Poppy as the county flower. . 
The orchid , upswept hair , black cat , and bouquet of flowers were all recognized symbols of sexuality at the time . 
She defiantly looks out as her servant offers flowers from one of her male suitors . 
This has also led Ethiopian cooks to develop a rich array of cooking oil sources : besides sesame and safflower , Ethiopian cuisine also uses " nug " ( also spelled " noog " , known also as " niger seed " ) . 
Much of Northernhay Gardens now represent Victorian design , with a beautiful display of trees , mature shrubs and bushes and plenty of flower beds . 
One example is the fact that although about 10,000 people are killed with guns in the US annually , whereas spiders and snakes kill only a handful , people nonetheless learn to fear spiders and snakes about as easily as they do a pointed gun , and more easily than an unpointed gun , rabbits or flowers . 
A potential explanation is that spiders and snakes were a threat to human ancestors throughout the Pleistocene , whereas guns ( and rabbits and flowers ) were not . 
Just as only Aaron or Moses could make their rod " flower " ( into flame ) , so only Arthur could pull Excalibur from the stone . 
Millay also collaborated with Dillon on " Flowers of Evil " , a translation of Charles Baudelaire 's " Les Fleurs du mal " . 
Snake tracks the president 's life-monitor bracelet signal to the basement of an abandoned theater , only to find it on the wrist of an incoherent old man ( George " Buck " Flower ) . 
It exists as a gas and acts at trace levels throughout the life of the plant by stimulating or regulating the ripening of fruit , the opening of flowers , and the abscission ( or shedding ) of leaves . 
It has been shown that ethylene is produced from essentially all parts of higher plants , including leaves , stems , roots , flowers , fruits , tubers , and seedlings . 
During the life of the plant , ethylene production is induced during certain stages of growth such as germination , ripening of fruits , abscission of leaves , and senescence of flowers . 
Ethylene will shorten the shelf life of cut flowers and potted plants by accelerating floral senescence and floral abscission . 
Flowers and plants which are subjected to stress during shipping , handling , or storage produce ethylene causing a significant reduction in floral display . 
Flowers affected by ethylene include carnation , geranium , petunia , rose , and many others . 
By inhibiting ethylene perception , fruits , plants and flowers do n't respond to ethylene produced endogenously or from exogenous sources . 
Commercial growers of bromeliads , including pineapple plants , use ethylene to induce flowering . 
Plants can be induced to flower either by treatment with the gas in a chamber , or by placing a banana peel next to the plant in an enclosed area . 
Ethylene has a pleasant sweet faint odor , and has a slightly sweet taste , and as it enhances fruit ripening , assists in the development of odour-active aroma volatiles ( especially esters ) , which are responsible for the specific smell of each kind of flower or fruit . 
In Rabbinic traditions , Ezra is metaphorically referred to as the " flowers that appear on the earth " signifying the springtime in the national history of Judaism . 
In 1978 , during the performance of the Israeli entry , the Jordanian broadcaster JRTV suspended the broadcast and showed pictures of flowers . 
The Outdoor Biome ( which is not covered ) represents the temperate regions of the world with plants such as tea , lavender , hops , hemp and sunflowers . 
It is derived from phyllotaxis , which is the mathematical basis for nearly all plant growth ; the " opposing spirals " found in many plants such as the seeds in a sunflower 's head , pine cones and pineapples . 
In an episode of the cartoon series " The Tick " called " The Tick vs. El Seed " , The Tick fights a flower man named El Seed who in exile tries to raise an army of corn to destroy all humans . 
This same period of economic and political uncertainty , however , produced an unsurpassed literary flowering in England . 
The Euphrates provided the water that led to the first flowering of civilization in Sumer , dating from about the 4th millennium BCE . 
In the following year he took his B. A. degree and printed for private circulation a small volume of poems , " Weeds and Wild Flowers " . 
In Homer , her saffron-colored robe is embroidered or woven with flowers ; rosy-fingered and with golden arms , she is pictured on Attic vases as a supernaturally beautiful woman , crowned with a tiara or diadem and with the large white-feathered wings of a bird . 
The Vegan Society 's Sunflower symbol ( which is currently used by over 260 companies world wide ) can also be used to see which products do not use any animal ingredients ( including flavorings and colorings ) Flavor creation . 
Oilseeds are often pressed to produce rich oils , such as sunflower , rapeseed ( including canola oil ) , and sesame . 
" We 're Only in It for the Money " featured some of the most creative audio editing and production yet heard in pop music , and the songs ruthlessly satirized the hippie and flower power phenomena . 
The Fagales are an order of flowering plants , including some of the best known trees . 
Fabales is an order of flowering plants . 
Immediately after the end of the Second World War , color movies such as " The Stone Flower " ( 1946 ) , " Ballad of Siberia " ( 1947 ) , and " The Kuban Cossacks " ( 1949 ) were released . 
In the late 1950s and early 1960s Soviet Cinema again flowered , beginning with films such as " Ballada o Soldate " " ( Ballad of a Soldier ) " , which won the 1961 BAFTA Award for Best Film , and " The Cranes Are Flying " . 
The war years also saw the flowering of the Powell and Pressburger partnership with films like " Forty-Ninth Parallel " ( 1941 ) , " The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp"(1943 ) and " A Canterbury Tale " ( 1944 ) which , while set in wartime , were very much about the people affected by war rather than battles . 
Chopin 's grave , with its monument carved by Clésinger , attracts numerous visitors and is consistently decorated with flowers , even in winter . 
Many studies have found that certain fears ( e. g. animals , heights ) are much more common than others ( e. g. flowers , clouds ) . 
In botany , which is the scientific study of plants , fruits are the ripened ovaries of flowering plants . 
Fruits are the means by which flowering plants disseminate seeds , and the presence of seeds indicates that a structure is most likely a fruit , though not all seeds come from fruits . 
The term 'false fruit ' ( pseudocarp , accessory fruit ) is sometimes applied to a fruit like the fig ( a " multiple-accessory fruit " ; see below ) or to a plant structure that resembles a fruit but is not derived from a flower or flowers . 
The ovules are fertilized in a process that starts with pollination , which involves the movement of pollen from the stamens to the stigma of flowers . 
Fertilization in flowering plants involves both plasmogamy , the fusing of the sperm and egg protoplasm and karyogamy , the union of the sperm and egg nucleus . 
In some cases , the sepals , petals and/ or stamens and style of the flower fall off . 
The wall of the fruit , developed from the ovary wall of the flower , is called the " pericarp " . 
In some fruits , especially simple fruits derived from an inferior ovary , other parts of the flower ( such as the floral tube , including the petals , sepals , and stamens ) , fuse with the ovary and ripen with it . 
Since other parts of the flower may contribute to the structure of the fruit , it is important to study flower structure to understand how a particular fruit forms . 
An aggregate fruit , or " etaerio " , develops from a flower with numerous simple pistils . 
In all these examples , the fruit develops from a single flower with numerous pistils . 
A multiple fruit is one formed from a cluster of flowers ( called an " inflorescence " ) . 
Each flower produces a fruit , but these mature into a single mass . 
In the photograph on the right , stages of flowering and fruit development in the noni or Indian mulberry ( " Morinda citrifolia " ) can be observed on a single branch . 
First an inflorescence of white flowers called a head is produced . 
After fertilization , each flower develops into a drupe , and as the drupes expand , they become " connate " ( merge ) into a " multiple fleshy fruit " called a " syncarpet " . 
Many dry fruits are used as decorations or in dried flower arrangements , such as unicorn plant , lotus , wheat , annual honesty and milkweed . 
Examples include clouds , snow flakes , crystals , mountain ranges , lightning , river networks , cauliflower or broccoli , and systems of blood vessels and pulmonary vessels . 
Fibonacci sequences appear in biological settings , in two consecutive Fibonacci numbers , such as branching in trees , arrangement of leaves on a stem , the fruitlets of a pineapple , the flowering of artichoke , an uncurling fern and the arrangement of a pine cone . 
A model for the pattern of florets in the head of a sunflower was proposed by H. Vogel in 1979. where " n " is the index number of the floret and " c " is a constant scaling factor ; the florets thus lie on Fermat 's spiral . 
It is often said that sunflowers and similar arrangements have 55 spirals in one direction and 89 in the other ( or some other pair of adjacent Fibonacci numbers ) , but this is true only of one range of radii , typically the outermost and thus most conspicuous . 
His maternal grandfather Warren Delano II , a descendant of " Mayflower " passengers Richard Warren , Isaac Allerton , Degory Priest , and Francis Cooke , during a period of twelve years in China made more than a million dollars in the tea trade in Macau , Canton and Hong Kong , but upon returning to the United States , he lost it all in the Panic of 1857. In 1860 , he returned to China and made a fortune in the notorious but highly profitable opium trade supplying opium-based medication to the U. S. War Department during the American Civil War but not exclusively . 
Yellow came from saffron or egg yolk , while red came from sunflower , and purple came from " Crozophora tinctoria " or " Heliotropium europaeum " . 
The produce of these northern regions is also considered some of the best in the country including cauliflower and artichokes . 
Examples of edible plant fats are peanut , soya bean , sunflower , sesame , coconut , olive , and vegetable oils . 
For example , in the Shanidar cave in Iraq , in Pontnewydd Cave in Wales and other sites across Europe and the Near East , Neanderthal skeletons have been discovered with a characteristic layer of pollen , which suggests that Neanderthals buried the dead with gifts of flowers . 
Traditionally flowers ( and music ) are not sent to a grieving Jewish family as it is a reminder of the life that is now lost . 
" ) The decedent 's closest friends and relatives who are unable to attend frequently send flowers to the viewing , with the exception of a Jewish Funeral , where flowers would not be appropriate ( and donations are given to a charity instead ) . 
During the funeral and at the burial service , the casket may be covered with a large arrangement of flowers , called a casket spray . 
Cicero describes the habit to plant flowers around the tomb in an effort to guarantee the rest of the deceased and the purification of ground , a custom that is maintained until today . 
The small blue forget-me-not flower was first used by the Grand Lodge " Zur Sonne " , in 1926 , as a Masonic emblem at the annual convention in Bremen , Germany . 
After World War II , the forget-me-not flower was again used as a Masonic emblem at the first Annual Convention of the United Grand Lodges of Germany in 1948. The badge is now worn in the coat lapel by Freemasons around the world to remember all those that have suffered in the name of Freemasonry , especially those during the Nazi era . 
Cauliflower , broccoli , cabbage , brussel sprouts and other cruciferous vegetables that belong to the genus Brassica are commonly reputed to not only increase flatulence , but to increase the pungency of the flatus . 
In Britain , people mocked the Republican Calendar by calling the months : Wheezy , Sneezy and Freezy ; Slippy , Drippy and Nippy ; Showery , Flowery and Bowery ; Wheaty , Heaty and Sweety . 
Fiorello Henry La Guardia ( born " 'Fiorello Enrico La Guardia ; December 11 , 1882 September 20 , 1947 ) was Mayor of New York for three terms from 1934 to 1945. He was popularly known as " the Little Flower , " the translation of his Italian first name , " Fiorello " , and , most likely , a reference to his short stature . 
The name 'Flores ' comes from Portuguese word , meaning " flowers " . 
In fact , the island 's name , Flores , means " flowers " in Portuguese . 
He does not let any thoughts arise when he looks at a flower ... the only thing a stone tells him is that it has nothing at all to tell him ... this way of looking at a stone may be described as the totally unpoetic way of looking at it . 
Compared to the flags of many other nations , the flag of the United States is notably complex , leading to expressions such as " Huqíguó " ( " flower flag nation " ) , a Chinese name for America used in the 19th and early 20th centuries . 
The " Flower Flag " arrives in Asia . 
There it gained the designation " Flower Flag . 
In Mandarin , the majority Chinese language , " Flower Flag Nation " is " Huqíguó " ( èæå ) . 
Other Asian nations have equivalent terms for America , for example " Hoa Ká " ( " Flower Flag " ) in Vietnam . 
" The Fujiwara presided over a period of cultural and artistic flowering at the imperial court and among the aristocracy . 
From antiquity , a cosmological view prevailed in India that held the Earth to consist of four continents grouped around the central mountain Meru like the petals of a flower ; surrounding these continents was the outer ocean . 
She was born " 'Frances Barton , the daughter of a private soldier , and began her career as a flower girl and a street singer . 
Perhaps the most famous incident that illustrates the Saint 's humility towards nature is recounted in the " Fioretti " ( " Little Flowers " ) , a collection of legends and folklore that sprang up after the Saint 's death . 
" 'Miss Tibbs & Miss Gatsby , played by Gilly Flower and Renee Roberts respectively , are the other two ( often inseparable ) permanent residents , who are slightly scatty spinsters . 
In the second series , the first episode starts again with the sign spelling 'Fawlty Towers ' with a few letters slightly askew , and changes in each subsequent edition , from the correct spelling to various semi-anagrams ( only " Flowery Twats " from the 11th episode , " The Anniversary " , is a proper anagram using all original letters . 
Gilly Flower and Renee Roberts , who played Miss Tibbs and Miss Gatsby in the series , reprised the roles in a 1983 episode of " Only Fools and Horses " . 
The Oxford English Dictionary ( first edition ) associates it with such onomatopoeic words as " flit " and " flick " , emphasizing a lack of seriousness ; on the other hand , it has been attributed to the old French " conter fleurette " , which means " to ( try to ) seduce " by the dropping of flower petals , that is , " to speak sweet nothings " . 
It looks like rimming the edge of flowers and leaves and usually it forms against the direction of the wind . 
Frost flowers . 
" 'Frost flowers occur when there is a freezing weather condition but the ground is not already frozen . 
Also the frost can literally look like a flower , even a dead flower from the previous summer . 
Due to their fleeting nature , they are difficult to find to photograph and the locations of these Frost Flowers are elusive as terrain plays a big part in their formation as well . 
The entire visible plant may completely turn brown until the spring warmth , or will drop all of its leaves and flowers , leaving the stem and stalk only . 
In the 8th century , Charlemagne freed the people of Friesland from swearing fealty to foreign overlords " That all Frisians would be fully free , the born and the unborn , so long as the wind blows from heaven and the child cries , grass grows green and flowers bloom , as far as the sun rises and the world stands " . 
There are many species of ferns , flowers , fungi , and mosses .